PRACTICE Benefit Corp||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||NYC K-12 Tutors for all Boroughs||192720.0||$22.00/hr - $26.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Manhattan, NY
Lockheed Martin||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Finance - Intern||aekjfo;i||Description:By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility. Your Mission is Ours.Lockheed Martin Aeronautics in Palmdale, CA is seeking a Summer 2024 Intern Finance candidate. In this role, you will establish and manage program cost baselines, conduct Earned Value analysis and associated variance analysis using various Enterprise toolsets including CostView, Winsight and others. The candidate will also conduct Estimate at Complete analysis (EAC) and prepare accompanying analysis for presentation to various levels of leadership. The successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge of data mining and data analysis and presenting those findings to management. Must be a US Citizen. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.Basic Qualifications: Pursuing a Bachelors degree in Finance or other Business-related field Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, especially Excel and navigating large data setsMust be a US Citizen. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.Desired Skills: Basic knowledge of data analytics tools such as Tableau and Alteryx SAP experience Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work in a collaborative and team-based environmentClearance Level: NoneOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Full-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work remotely full time at a location other than a Lockheed Martin designated office/job site. Employees may travel to a Lockheed Martin office for periodic meetings.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Pay Rate:The annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, or Washington is $46,280 - $53,248 . Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.Pay Rate:The annual base salary range for this position in most major metropolitan areas in California and New York is $48,568 - $53,248. Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate+IBk-s work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They+IBk-re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin+IBk-s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers+IBk toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.Experience Level: Co-op/Summer InternBusiness Unit: AERONAUTICS COMPANYRelocation Available: NoCareer Area: FinanceType: Part-TimeShift: First||aekjfo;i||Palmdale, CA
City of Mansfield, Texas Municipal Government||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Water Operator C/Trainee - WU043||41500.0||$41,500.00/yr - $48,500.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Mansfield, TX
Crocs||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Climate & Sustainability Intern||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $22.50/hr||aekjfo;i||Broomfield, CO
Lockheed Martin||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||System Administrator - Intern||aekjfo;i||Description:Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS) is looking for an Energetic student pursuing an Information Technology (IT), Computer Science (CS), or similar degree for a 2024 Summer Internship.The selected candidate will be working with experienced IT professionals supporting the C2BMC program for the Missile Defense Agency.Position Responsibilities May Include But Are Not Limited To Cybersecurity Managing classified computer systems Managing classified networks Managing user accountsBasic Qualifications**Must be a US Citizen; this position will require a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access ** Pursuing degree in Cybersecurity or IT related field (CIS, MIS, CS, Cyber) Must possess active COMPTIA Security+- certification Must possess good problem solving skills Highly MotivatedDesired Skills Cybersecurity interest Windows or Linux system administration coursework / certifications Network management coursework / certificationsSecurity Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.Clearance Level: SecretOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Schedule for this Position: 4x10 hour day, 3 days off per weekPay RateThe annual base salary range for this position in California and New York (excluding most major metropolitan areas), Colorado, or Washington is $53,664 - $61,672 . Please note that the salary information is a general guideline only. Lockheed Martin considers factors such as (but not limited to) scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/ training, key skills as well as market and business considerations when extending an offer.Benefits offered: Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, Short-Term Disability, Long-Term Disability, 401(k) match, Flexible Spending Accounts, EAP, Education Assistance, Parental Leave, Paid time off, and Holidays.(Washington state applicants only) Non-represented full-time employees: accrue at least 10 hours per month of Paid Time Off (PTO) to be used for incidental absences and other reasons; receive at least 90 hours for holidays. Represented full time employees accrue 6.67 hours of Vacation per month; accrue up to 52 hours of sick leave annually; receive at least 96 hours for holidays. PTO, Vacation, sick leave, and holiday hours are prorated based on start date during the calendar year.Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They+IBk-re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin+IBk-s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers+IBk toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.Experience Level: Co-op/Summer InternBusiness Unit: RMSRelocation Available: PossibleCareer Area: Information TechnologyType: Part-TimeShift: First||aekjfo;i||Colorado Springs, CO
US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Student Trainee (Physical Science)||aekjfo;i||Help Help Requirements  Conditions of EmploymentIf you are selected, a written participant agreement must be signed.You must be a U.S. citizen.You must submit a resume and required documents--see How to Apply section.You must submit transcripts & proof of enrollment--see Required Documents.You must be age 16 or older.This position is designated as Low Risk and requires a background investigation. Unless an appropriate background investigation is already on record with the Office of Personnel Management, you must undergo a background investigation. All conditions of the pre-employment security process must be met before an official letter of employment can be issued with a report for duty date.You must be enrolled at least half-time and maintain at least a half-time course load as defined by your academic institution (typically 6 undergraduate credit hours or 4.5 graduate credit hours per semester).You must have and maintain good academic standing as defined by your academic institution (typically a cumulative GPA of at least 2.0).If you are selected, the entire period served under the Internship Program will be a trial period.This position requires the use of personal protective equipment (PPE).QualificationsYou must be enrolled in an academic program directly related to the position.RequirementsIn addition to the eligibility requirements for the Pathways Internship Program, you need a degree or combination of education and experience as described below to qualify for this position:A bachelor+IBk-s or higher degree from an accredited or pre-accredited college or university in physical science, engineering, or mathematics that included 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science such as mechanics, dynamics, properties of materials, and electronics; OR a combination of education and experience with education equivalent to one of the majors listed that included at least 24 semester hours in physical science and/or related engineering science, plus appropriate experience or additional education.For information about accreditation requirements, visit EPA Announcement Policies and Procedures .In addition to the minimum educational requirements above, you must have educational achievements and/or specialized experience related to this position as described below.To qualify for the GS-09 level, you need to have a master's or equivalent graduate degree or two full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to such a degree in the academic discipline as described above; OR at least one year of full-time experience equivalent to the GS-07 level defined as preparing and analyzing data using standard methodologies and techniques; and preparing briefings for management; OR an equivalent combination of education and experience.Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.g., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional, philanthropic, religious, spiritual, community, student, social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.If you have part-time work experience, read this: EPA Announcement Policies and Procedures .EducationThis job does not have an education qualification requirement.Additional InformationIf you are graduating from your present course of study at the end of the current semester/quarter: You may be hired prior to graduation; however, to continue in this program after graduation, you must be continuing your education next semester/quarter and be accepted for enrollment seeking a diploma, certificate, bachelor+IBk-s degree, graduate degree, or professional degree from a qualifying educational institution on a full- or half-time basis.Interns without not-to-exceed dates who successfully complete the program may be converted to a term or permanent position in the competitive service without further competition. The grade level you may be converted to will be dependent on the grade for which you qualify (based on your education and/or experience), but the grade level can be no higher than the promotion potential indicated in this announcement.NOTE: To be eligible for conversion, you must complete 640 hours of work (if you meet all required criteria, up to 320 hours may be waived if: (1) you complete 320 hours of career-related work experience under an Internship Program appointment and have demonstrated high potential by outstanding academic achievement and exceptional job performance; or (2) you complete comparable non-federal internship experience in a field or functional area related to your target position).EPA participates in E-Verify. E-Verify is an Internet based system operated by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in partnership with the Social Security Administration (SSA) that enables participating employers to electronically verify the employment eligibility of their newly hired employees. For additional information: EPA Announcement Policies and Procedures .Diversity, equity, and inclusion are core values at EPA. Our excellence can only be fully realized by staff who share our commitment to these values. Successful candidates are committed to advancing equity and inclusion in the Agency+IBk-s workplace and mission. We encourage applications from candidates with a variety of personal experiences, values, and worldviews that arise from differences of culture and circumstance. At EPA, diversity is a vital element in bringing a balance of perspectives to bear on every challenge we face. We are committed to creating a diverse workforce because we know that the individual strengths and abilities of our employees make us a stronger organization. The more inclusive our employee base is, the greater the variety of ideas that are generated, and the more representative we are of the nation we serve. To learn more about how EPA values and supports our diverse workforce, visit Equal Opportunity Employment at EPA .Except in special circumstances, those new to the federal government will be hired at the starting salary (step 1) of the applicable grade range listed in the Overview section.If you are selected, travel, transportation, and relocation expenses will not be paid by EPA. Any travel, transportation, and relocation expenses associated with reporting to work in this position will be your responsibility.This position may be in the bargaining unit.Read more Help Help A career with the U.S. government provides employees with a comprehensive benefits package. As a federal employee, you and your family will have access to a range of benefits that are designed to make your federal career very rewarding. Opens in a new window Learn more about federal benefits .Join EPA in protecting human health and the environment and enjoy many work life quality options! Working for the EPA offers you a comprehensive benefits package that includes, in part, paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits, and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. To learn more about us, visit Life and Careers at EPA .This position may be eligible for flexible work schedules in accordance with EPA+IBk-s Workplace Flexibilities policy and/or applicable Collective Bargaining Agreement. If selected, you may apply for expanded telework or, after 90 days of employment, remote work. These flexibilities are not guaranteed and will be determined in accordance with policy and position requirements after you are hired.PUBLIC SERVICE LOAN FORGIVENESS (PSLF): As a federal employee, you may be eligible for student loan forgiveness under the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. The PSLF program forgives the remaining balance on federal Direct Loans after you have made 120 qualifying payments while working full-time for a qualifying employer, including EPA. Learn more: pslf.govThis position has portable work. If selected for this position, you may be eligible for partial work-from-home flexibilities after meeting eligibility requirements, as allowable by agency policy and/or applicable collective bargaining agreement.Review our benefitsEligibility for benefits depends on the type of position you hold and whether your position is full-time, part-time or intermittent. Contact the hiring agency for more information on the specific benefits offered.||aekjfo;i||Durham, NC
aekjfo;i||aekjfco;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i
aekjfo;i||aekjfco;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i
aekjfo;i||aekjfco;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i
Cartier||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Mansion Retail Experience Intern||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Lockheed Martin||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Software Engineer - Early Career Intern||aekjfo;i||Description:Job Description :By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work.At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility.Your Mission is Ours.Lockheed Martin RMS in Moorestown, NJ is seeking a full-time Early Career Software Engineer for the In this role, you will developing Object Oriented C+-+- software in an Agile team environment for the Radar Control Program (RCP) group.The Software Engineer will contribute to a wide variety of projects as our business needs evolve. The work may include requirement analysis, detailed design, application development, software testing, debugging, and sustainment.The individual will be developing Object Oriented C+-+- software in an Agile team environment with domain experts from Hardware, Software, Subsystems and Systems Engineering to understand requirements, establish architecture/design, implement sound solutions, develop unit tests, and support integration and sustainment activities.Must be a US Citizen; this position will require a government security clearance.Basic Qualifications Pursuing a bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering or similar STEM field Candidate must be able to obtain & maintain a Secret security clearance (Interim Prior to Start). Knowledge of object-oriented C+-+- programmingDesired Skills Knowledge of Software Modeling (UML) and architecture. Knowledge of Code Optimization and real time SW development. Knowledge of Automated Test tools and Techniques, Static Code Analysis tools. Knowledge of Agile Principles and Scrum Methodologies.Security Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.Clearance Level: SecretOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Schedule for this Position: 4x10 hour day, 3 days off per weekLockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you+IBk-re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.Experience Level: Co-op/Summer InternBusiness Unit: RMSRelocation Available: PossibleCareer Area: Software EngineeringType: Part-TimeShift: First||aekjfo;i||Moorestown, NJ
Jovie||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||FULL/PART TIME SITTERS NEEDED - SCOTTSDALE||140160.0||$16.00/hr - $17.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Scottsdale, AZ
The Walt Disney Company||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Staff Assistant, Disney Parks International||80500.0||$80,500.00/yr - $107,900.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Glendale, CA
aekjfo;i||aekjfco;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i
EBSCO Information Services||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Software Development Intern||aekjfo;i||Share this job:Date: Jan 12, 2024 Software Development Intern Location:Ipswich, MA, US, 01938Onsite or Remote: RemoteCompany Name: EBSCO Information ServicesEBSCO Information Services (EIS) provides a complete and optimized research solution comprised of e-journals, e-books, and research databases - all combined with the most powerful discovery service to support the information needs and maximize the research experience of our end-users. Headquartered in Ipswich, MA, EIS employs more than 2,700 people worldwide, most now working hybrid or remotely. We are the leader in our field due to our cutting-edge technology, forward-thinking philosophy, and outstanding team. EIS is a company that will motivate you, inspire you, and allow you to grow. Our mission is to transform lives by providing relevant and reliable information when, where, and how people need it. We are looking for bright and creative individuals whose unique differences will allow us to achieve this inclusive mission around the world.As a Software Development Intern, you will be working to support internal and external customer needs, you will collaborate with multi-functional teams, receive mentorship, and gain insight into our values-driven process. You will join our team of passionate and knowledgeable engineers to help build the systems that power our applications and contribute to continuously improving our engineering practices. Our goal is both to support your growth and development while empowering you for a successful start to your career. This position works with Java and AWS development on backend services.What You+IBk-ll Do (Primary Responsibilities) Work alongside other software engineers to elevate technology and consistently apply best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, and maintainability.  Work with product management and your team to analyze and decompose complex software requirements into simple user stories for planning and execution.  Provide ongoing maintenance, support, and enhancements in existing systems and platforms.  Address technical debt issues identified.  Education and Training Preferences  Basic programming knowledge. Working on or toward a Bachelor's degree in a computer science field Our Offer to YouHands-on experience with software development tools and processes. Competetive Hourly Rate. Support for your professional growth and development while empowering you for a successful start to your career. Regular feedback and coaching on your performance. As part of the EIS Summer Intern Program, interns enjoy a dedicated intern orientation program starting on June 10th and experience the benefits of joining a cohort and participating in enrichment events with fellow interns across the company. To learn more about the EIS Summer Internship Program, please visit - https://www.ebsco.com/about/internship-opportunities We are an equal opportunity employer and comply with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. We strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants, or any other covered persons because of race, color, sex, pregnancy status, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, promotion, discipline, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment.We comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended by the ADA Amendments Act, and all applicable state or local law.Nearest Major Market: BostonJob Segment:  Developer, Summer Internship, Computer Science, Product Manager, Technology, Entry Level, Marketing, Operations||aekjfo;i||United States
Gentiva Hospice||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Nurse Preceptor||aekjfo;i||Our CompanyGentiva Hospice is a member of the Gentiva family +IBM an industry leader in hospice, palliative, home health, and personal home care. Our place is by the side of those who need us, offering physical, spiritual and emotional support to patients and their families so they may make the most of every moment. We believe that better care for caregivers and clinicians means better care for everyone, so we offer ongoing professional training, lower nurse-to-patient ratios, and comprehensive benefits for eligible employees. Here, you'll join gifted colleagues who make a lasting difference in people's lives every day.OverviewWe are looking for a Nurse Preceptor to join our team. This position reports to the AVPO and is responsible for providing high interaction with patients as well as new hire clinicians during hospice visits.Facilitates the learning experience to allow preceptees to perform competently in their required responsibilities. This is achieved through mentoring, coaching, and role modeling correct behaviors.Performs patient home visits in accordance with physicians+IBk orders.Orients new nurses (preceptees) which includes hospice clinical policies and procedures, documentation, technology, compliance and regulatory requirementsAbout YouCurrent CPR certificationMinimum 2 years+IBk experience in a clinical settingDiploma, Associate+IBk-s or Bachelor+IBk-s degree in NursingUnencumbered RN license in work state assignedWe OfferComprehensive Benefits Package: Health Insurance, 401k Plan, Tuition Reimbursement, PTOOpportunity to participate in a Fleet ProgramCompetitive Salaries Mileage ReimbursementProfessional growth and development opportunities LegaleseThis is a safety-sensitive positionEmployee must meet minimum requirements to be eligible for benefitsWhere applicable, employee must meet state specific requirementsWe are proud to be an EEO employerWe maintain a drug-free workplaceLocation: Gentiva Hospice||aekjfo;i||Richmond, VA
Flamingo||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Brand Communications Intern||aekjfo;i||About FlamingoWith well-designed products and honest conversations at its core, Flamingo launched in 2018 with a suite of products for body hair. Since then, we have expanded our assortment to be the first brand that offers products for every routine: razors, wax strips for face and body, shave gel, body lotion, mons mist, ingrown spot treatment, and tweezers. In February 2019, Flamingo launched at Target stores nationwide, immediately jumping to the top of the bestseller list for razors, wax strips, and shave gel. Our products and campaigns have been covered by outlets like Vogue, Vanity Fair, Elle, and InStyle, and we've won major beauty accolades like Allure's Best in Beauty, Self's Healthy Beauty Awards, and Women's Health Beauty Awards. In 2023, we launched our first brand podcast, Unruly, which explores the quiet ways women's bodies are regulated every day. About The RoleAs a Summer Brand Communications intern for the Flamingo brand, you will be a part of the core team responsible for leading the development of breakthrough narratives and brand communications campaigns that help introduce Flamingo to the world and create a deep relationship with the consumer. The role will be a unique learning experience: you will learn how a brand tells its story through social, content, and influencer strategies and aid in its execution. The Brand Communications intern will play an important part by assisting our team with our 2024 strategy, which will include organic social and content support, day-to-day management of influencer and gifting partners, storytelling ideation, PR requests, and initiatives, brand partnerships, event execution, offline activations and end-to-end execution of brand marketing campaigns. During your time on the team, you will learn how to develop standout communications campaigns from start to finish by leveraging social media, influencers, traditional PR, and brand partnerships.We're looking for someone who values a hands-on learning experience and is the ultimate team player. You'll love this role if you want to learn more about building best-in-class brands through strategic marketing campaigns and navigating an ever-changing media landscape in a resource-rich environment. In this role, you will help to find, acquire, develop, manage, and launch content that will increase brand awareness and engagement.What you can expect from our summer internship program:Learn about Harry's history and culture through our Summer Intern onboarding experience. Socialize and build your network through regular check-ins, lunches, and events with fellow interns. Develop relationships with and secure guidance from mentors from your immediate team and from one of our seven Employee Resource Groups. Participate in regular Q&As with Harry's, Inc. leadership. Highlight projects you observed and contributed to in an End of Summer Wrap-Up with your fellow interns, in a fun and engaging forum. What you will observe, learn about, and assist our teams to accomplish:Support day-to-day content, influencer, and social activitiesCreate and execute a succinct brand awareness campaign through influencer, social, or content marketingIdeate, manage, and produce content to drive business outcomesAssist with the execution of 2024 content marketing campaigns and learn to create influencer marketing briefsAssist with executing Flamingo's summer influencer marketing campaigns, including identifying partners, approving content, and additional administrative tasksParticipate in internal meetings by providing updates on assigned projects/tasks and actively participate in brainstorming sessions by sharing new ideas for campaigns, product launches, etc. Assist the team with creating monthly reports and campaign recapsYou should apply if some or all of the following apply to you:You're a rising Junior, Senior, or recent grad studying Public Relations, Marketing, Communications, Media, English, Creative Writing or similar. You are a natural communicator with strong writing skills; you can sell people into a vision and bring them along on your thought process and strategy. You love creating, whether shooting a TikTok video or writing a poem. You are creative and brimming with your own ideas. You are very organized; to-do lists are your jam! You're known for being detail-oriented and getting things done in a timely manner. You have your finger on the pulse of trends; you know what's relevant, what's new, and what's coming up. You are resourceful, take initiative, and are comfortable in a fast-paced environment. Working under tight deadlines and adapting to change comes naturally to you. You are comfortable receiving and providing feedback! You can address questions, concerns, and critiques in a clear, confident way and pivot quickly based on feedback. You actively seek opportunities for learning and growth outside traditional education. Here's who you'll work with:You will report to the Content Marketing Manager You will work on the Flamingo Brand Communications team You will work cross-functionally with the Flamingo Social Media Senior Associate, the Head of Brand Communications, the Creative Team, the DTC team, the Brand Management Team, and more! About Harry'sHarry's, Inc. started in 2013 with a specific goal: to disrupt the shaving industry by creating an innovative, everyday product at a fair price. Since then, Harry's has expanded to Canada and Europe, developed relationships with retailers such as Target and Walmart, expanded our grooming brand into a personal care powerhouse, launched two new brands including Flamingo and Cat Person, and made our first brand acquisition with Lum+ARM. The key to our success? Our amazing people. From chemists, mechanical engineers, and CX associates, to creative directors, sourcing managers, and logistics specialists, the Harry's team is composed of some of the most brilliant, diverse, and humble people you'll ever meet. Our brands answer unmet consumer needs, but our company is a place of inclusion and innovation that attracts some of the brightest minds across industries, geographies, and backgrounds. Whether we have a team of 5 or 500, our core values and our startup mentality remain; we value continuous improvement and learning, teamwork and collaboration, creative problem-solving, and open and direct dialogue and feedback.Harry's is operating as a hybrid-first environment - for us, that means we ask folks to come into our beautiful, 88,000-square-foot SoHo office a minimum of 2 days per week. What will you get out of that? Bagels on Wednesdays and lunch on Thursdays, and fully stocked kitchens with snacks, coffee, and drinks every day. Can't forget the free products and the opportunity to have some meetings without Zoom.Harry's is committed to bringing together individuals from different backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do great work together.Harry's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals. We recruit, hire and promote into all job levels the most qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), parental status, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, marital, family or partnership status, political affiliation or activities, military service, domestic violence victim status, arrest/conviction record, sexual or reproductive health decisions, caregiver status, credit history immigration status, unemployment status, traits historically associated with race, including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles or any other status protected under applicable federal, state and local laws. Harry's commitment to providing equal employment opportunities extends to all aspects of employment, including job assignment, compensation, discipline and access to benefits and training.We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our company.We can't quantify all of the intangible things we think you'll love about working at Harry's, like the exciting challenges we tackle, the smart and humble team you'll get to work with, and our supportive and inclusive culture. That said, our salaries are based on paying competitively for our size and industry. The base salary for this position is $25/hour.We will be accepting applications until March 1, 2024. We will contact select applicants regarding next steps at that time.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
MTE Corporation||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Project Management Intern||aekjfo;i||Cora Hahn                    Cora Hahn                      Program Manager @ MTE Corporation | Co-Events Chair @ Southern Wisconsin Women in Manufacturing||aekjfo;i||Menomonee Falls, WI
EBSCO Information Services||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Software Development Intern||aekjfo;i||Share this job:Date: Jan 12, 2024 Software Development Intern Location:Ipswich, MA, US, 01938Onsite or Remote: RemoteCompany Name: EBSCO Information ServicesEBSCO Information Services (EIS) provides a complete and optimized research solution comprised of e-journals, e-books, and research databases - all combined with the most powerful discovery service to support the information needs and maximize the research experience of our end-users. Headquartered in Ipswich, MA, EIS employs more than 2,700 people worldwide, most now working hybrid or remotely. We are the leader in our field due to our cutting-edge technology, forward-thinking philosophy, and outstanding team. EIS is a company that will motivate you, inspire you, and allow you to grow. Our mission is to transform lives by providing relevant and reliable information when, where, and how people need it. We are looking for bright and creative individuals whose unique differences will allow us to achieve this inclusive mission around the world.As a Software Development Intern, you will work on various aspects of the software development lifecycle in a highly agile environment. This role is an active participant in all phases of software development including design, development, deployment, and maintenance.What You+IBk-ll Do (Primary Responsibilities)Collaborate with the team to fulfill data requests by extracting required information from our database reports. Assist in managing and resolving external teams' inquiries through effective coordination. Partner with Senior developers to grasp the domain and contribute to basic research tasks, supporting feature development for full-time developers. Implement minor software enhancements and address defects within the authentication domain. Collaborate with software engineers to enhance technology and ensure the consistent application of best practices in design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, and maintainability. Contribute to updating and maintaining documentation related to the components owned by the team. Live the principles behind the Agile Manifesto and SAFe framework in all interactions. Our Offer to YouHands-on experience with software development tools and processes. Competetive Hourly Rate. Support for your professional growth and development while empowering you for a successful start to your career. Regular feedback and coaching on your performance. As part of the EIS Summer Intern Program, interns enjoy a dedicated intern orientation program starting on June 10th and experience the benefits of joining a cohort and participating in enrichment events with fellow interns across the company. To learn more about the EIS Summer Internship Program, please visit - https://www.ebsco.com/about/internship-opportunities We are an equal opportunity employer and comply with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. We strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants, or any other covered persons because of race, color, sex, pregnancy status, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, promotion, discipline, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment.We comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended by the ADA Amendments Act, and all applicable state or local law.Nearest Major Market: BostonJob Segment:  Summer Internship, Developer, Intern, Database, Entry Level, Technology||aekjfo;i||United States
EBSCO Information Services||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Software Development-Intern||aekjfo;i||Share this job:Date: Jan 12, 2024 Software Development-Intern Location:Remote, MA, US, 01938Onsite or Remote: RemoteCompany Name: EBSCO Information ServicesEBSCO Information Services (EIS) provides a complete and optimized research solution comprised of e-journals, e-books, and research databases - all combined with the most powerful discovery service to support the information needs and maximize the research experience of our end-users. Headquartered in Ipswich, MA, EIS employs more than 2,700 people worldwide, most now working hybrid or remotely. We are the leader in our field due to our cutting-edge technology, forward-thinking philosophy, and outstanding team. EIS is a company that will motivate you, inspire you, and allow you to grow. Our mission is to transform lives by providing relevant and reliable information when, where, and how people need it. We are looking for bright and creative individuals whose unique differences will allow us to achieve this inclusive mission around the world.Your Opportunity:As a Software Development Intern, on Mercury, you will work on various aspects of the software development lifecycle in a highly agile environment. This role is an active participant in all phases of software development including design, development, deployment, and maintenance of commercial off the shelf solutions (COTS) e.g. NetSuite, Salesforce... What You+IBk-ll Do (Primary Responsibilities):  Contribute to creation and implementation of test plans, test cases, and automated tests to ensure adequate coverage based on requirements.  Contribute to software engineering best practices for design, coding standards, performance, test automation, security, delivery, maintainability, and culture.  Contribute to the implementation, testing, delivery, and operation of EBSCO+IBk-s back office systems for our CRM and customer facing support website.  Work with product management and your team to analyze and decompose complex software requirements into simple user stories for planning and execution.  Provide ongoing maintenance, support, and enhancements in existing systems and platforms.  Perform minor software enhancements and defect fixes for a variety of commercial off the shelf applications.  Work alongside other software engineers to elevate technology and consistently apply best practices for design, coding standards, performance, security, delivery, and maintainability.  Create and maintain application code used in our web applications.  Craft and maintain unit tests.  Address technical debt issues identified.  Maintain thorough documentation related to their work.  Live the principles behind the Agile Manifesto and SAFe framework in all interactions. Our Offer to You: Hands-on experience with software development tools and processes.  Competetive Hourly Rate.  Support for your professional growth and development while empowering you for a successful start to your career.  Regular feedback and coaching on your performance. As part of the EIS Summer Intern Program, interns enjoy a dedicated intern orientation program starting on June 10th and experience the benefits of joining a cohort and participating in enrichment events with fellow interns across the company. To learn more about the EIS Summer Internship Program, please visit - https://www.ebsco.com/about/internship-opportunities We are an equal opportunity employer and comply with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. We strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants, or any other covered persons because of race, color, sex, pregnancy status, age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, promotion, discipline, compensation, benefits, and termination of employment.We comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended by the ADA Amendments Act, and all applicable state or local law.Nearest Major Market: BostonJob Segment:  Summer Internship, Test Engineer, Testing, Developer, Intern, Entry Level, Engineering, Technology||aekjfo;i||Ipswich, MA
Mansfield Energy Corp||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Systems & Processes - Winter Semester||aekjfo;i||DutiesThe Intern, Systems & Processes will be exposed to all areas of the Mansfield Power & Gas systems. Projects and duties will encompass areas across of the breadth of the business including, but not limited to: Systems  Project Management  Process Improvement  Data Analysis Responsibilities Systems  Work with Project Managers and Specialists to identify, evaluate and document end-to-end solution requirements that may span multiple products  Assist with understanding and leveraging IT+IBk-s existing technologies  Assist with reviewing new technologies to ensure alignment  Solicit product requirements for large scale enterprise solutions  Processes  Perform As-Is and To-Be Process Mapping  Assist with Process Optimization  Data Analysis  Perform data analysis utilizing advanced Excel skills (potential to use/be exposed to Python, SQL, R Series, and Power BI) Position Requirements Education  Undergraduate student - upcoming Junior or Senior seeking degree in Industrial Engineering, System Engineering, MIS, Computer Science, or related field  Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher. Qualifications & Characteristics Excellent analytical skills, ability to quickly understand, isolate and resolve issues.  Excellent time management skills, ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment  Excellent oral and written communication skills  Proficient in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Word High level of proficiency in MS Excel is required (must be proficient in vlookups / xlookups and pivot tables) This Internship will be a part-time paid internship ($20/hour) starting as soon as possible. We will work with your school schedule. This position will be based in Houston, TX at our location near Memorial City Mall.All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.||aekjfo;i||Houston, TX
Lockheed Martin||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Project Engineer - Intern||aekjfo;i||Description:6:12 PMLockheed Martin in is seeking a . In this role, you will <2-3 tasks>. The successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge of <2-3 technical skills>. Must be a US Citizen ; this position will require a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility.Your Mission is Ours.Lockheed Martin Aeronautics is seeking a Summer 2024 Project Engineer Intern. In this role, you will assist Skunk Works project engineers in the technical planning and execution of contracted tasks, proposal development, and technical evaluations. This intern position will perform cross-team coordination of engineering tasks as well as develop processes and metrics to provide leadership with insight into project performance. The successful candidate will have excellent written and verbal communication skills, ability to work in a collaborative team-based environment, and be proficient with the Microsoft Office tool suite.Basic QualificationsPursuing bachelor's degree in Engineering or related technical degree from an accredited college.Desired SkillsGreat communication skillsExperience working in a team environmentProficient in MS Office toolsClearance Level: NoneOther Important Information You Should KnowExpression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.Ability to Work Remotely: Onsite Full-time: The work associated with this position will be performed onsite at a designated Lockheed Martin facility.Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you+IBk-re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.Experience Level: Co-op/Summer InternBusiness Unit: AERONAUTICS COMPANYRelocation Available: Housing StipendCareer Area: Systems Engineering: OtherType: Part-TimeShift: First||aekjfo;i||Fort Worth, TX
Warner Music Group||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Student Programs Recruiting Assistant||192720.0||$22.00/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Board of Miami County Commissioners (Ohio)||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intermittent Part-Time Juvenile Corrections Officer||aekjfo;i||QUALIFICATIONS: We will train you, however any combination of training and work experience that indicates possession of the skills, knowledge, and abilities required is a plus. Must be 21 years of age, possess a valid driver+IBk-s license and proof of motor vehicle insurance. Must be able to pass a pre-employment drug screen and criminal background investigation to include fingerprint analysis. Must be able to complete and maintain training in accordance to Ohio Revised Code 5139-37-06 (standards for operation of Juvenile Detention Centers).DUTIES: Responsible for the intake, release and daily observation of youth who are placed in the facility via a court order or pursuant to the laws of arrest. Oversee daily youth activity including but not limited to: personal hygiene, education, physical education, recreation, communication with parents, and escort to meals.These duties are illustrative only and you may perform some or all of these duties or other job-related duties as assigned.UNSUAL WORKING CONDITIONS: The employee could possibly have contact with potentially violent or emotionally distraught persons. Could potentially have exposure to hot, cold, wet, humid, or windy weather conditions, exposure to hazardous driving conditions, or potentially to life threatening situations.HOURS12 hour shift, COMPENSATION$23.00 per hourEQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER STATEMENT: The Miami County Board of Commissioners, including those agencies under other elected officials, is an equal opportunity employer and does not make employment decisions in a discriminatory manner based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disabilities that can be reasonably accommodated, or veteran status. The County complies with all applicable federal and state laws, rules, and regulations.This policy prohibits both discrimination based on any of the above-listed protected characteristics, retaliation against a person who opposes or complains about prohibited conduct, or participates in any way in the complaint, investigation, or reasonable accommodation processes.Powered by JazzHRHyTweZHLfV||aekjfo;i||Troy, OH
Cartier||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Creative Content Intern||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ogilvy||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||2024 Ogilvy Creative Summer Internship | Designer||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $22.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
New York Islanders||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Creative Project Management||aekjfo;i||A storied sports franchise+ICY-a world class arena+ICY-the best fans+ICY-AND YOUOriginal +IBM Authentic +IBM Vibrant +IBM AttainableOur Game PlanThe New York Islanders Hockey Club is one of the most iconic franchises in professional sports, with a deeply passionate and loyal fan base that is second to none. Built on a Dynasty in the 1980+IBk-s with four straight Stanley Cup Championships, our history is what will propel us into the future, confidently assuming a position of strength in the sports, entertainment, and cultural landscape.Our home at UBS Arena at Belmont Park, which was built for hockey and made for music, cements our brand into the very foundation of New York. We have always carved our own path, and to our fans the Islanders are a way for people to be a part of something greater than themselves. To be a part of living history, with the glory of the past fueling the drive for our fifth Stanley Cup.How To Make The TeamAs Creative Services Project Manager Intern, you will work closely with the lead Project Manager for overseeing the planning and execution of all creative projects at the New York Islanders. Responsibilities include ensuring that all creative projects are created on time, within budget, and to a high standard of quality. Our ideal candidate has strong project management skills, excellent communication skills, and the ability to work collaboratively with internal and external partners. This position will work an average of 20 hours a week plus some home games. There may be weekend, evenings, and holiday hours. This approximate internship duration is January +IBM May (Spring Semester). This is a paid internship.Show Us You CanWork directly with the Creative Services Project Manager to manage multiple projects simultaneously, ensuring they are on track, problem solving roadblocks, and communicating effectively with stakeholdersAssist in managing the creative team+IBk-s graphic designers time effectively and efficiently Triage new jobs requests from multiple departments, determining if the job has all the necessary information, how urgent/high priority the job is, and who is needed to get it out the door on timeCommunicate with local vendors for print requests from multiple departments Work in our project management system organizing jobs, cataloging jobs into our asset management system, and assisting other departments with possible system/project board issuesWhat You+IBk-ll BringHighly organized and detail-oriented with strong written and verbal communication skillsAbility to thrive in a fast-paced environment while balancing multiple simultaneous projectsStrong time management skillsKnowledge of Adobe Creative Suite, including Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesignProficient in Asana or similar project management system Ability to work both independently and as a team memberStrong interpersonal skills when interacting with departments and clientsKnowledge and interest in professional hockey Your Training & Talent Pursuing a BS/BA Knowledge of and/or prior work in sports business sector is a plusKnowledge of design techniques and emerging technologiesAbility to work outside of regular business hours including but not limited to weekends and holidays as required Where You+IBk-ll GoThe New York Islanders have offices in Floral Park, NY, as well as Manhattan What Skills You+IBk-ll UseFlexibility: Switch gears on a moment+IBk-s notice and adapt to shifting prioritiesMotivation: Leverage your personal skills to drive results and influence successAutonomy: Manage your time, work independently, and prioritize tasks Collaboration: Liaise with cross-functional internal teams and establish positive relationshipsCreativity: Think outside the box, bringing innovative ideas to the tableAccountability: Take ownership of your workConflict Resolution: Show off your problem solving and decision-making skillsWhat+IBk-s In It For YouExperience with an iconic NHL+AK4 franchise in our quest for a 5th Stanley Cup Employee discount at New York Islanders Pro Shops The Fine PrintThe New York Islanders are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our organization. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.||aekjfo;i||Floral Park, NY
Giant Spoon||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Art Direction Intern||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $19.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
11AM Co.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Creative Intern||aekjfo;i||Ahlaam Moledina                    Ahlaam Moledina                      Assistant at 11AM Co.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
LVMH||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||LVMH Inc. 2024 Summer Internship Cohort - Learning & Development Intern||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
PKF O'Connor Davies||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern - Events||aekjfo;i||As a Marketing Intern at PKF O+IBk-Connor Davies, you will get hands-on experience collaborating with our Marketing Department on projects and marketing campaigns. Our marketing interns acquire marketing skills and develop/further their knowledge of various marketing strategies by performing the duties and responsibilities listed below in an efficient and effective manner.Essential DutiesCollect quantitative and qualitative market data. Perform market analysis and research on competition. Support the marketing team in daily administrative tasks. Assist in marketing and advertising promotional activities (e.g., social media, email and web)Prepare promotional presentations. Assist in marketing campaigns. Help distribute marketing materials. QualificationsMust be enrolled in a BS/BA or MS degree program in Marketing, Communications or related field from an accredited university. Individual should be able to work in the Woodcliff Lake, NJ or Harrison, NY officePosition Start Date: ImmediatelyPosition End Date: To be determined. Work Hours: 20 +IBM 25 hours per week (individual can work more than 25 hours/week if they would like)Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Outstanding multi-tasking abilities required. Must be detailed oriented. Ability to work in a fast paced, deadline driven, team-oriented environment is required. The compensation for this position is $20.00 per hour.PKFODA is an equal opportunity employer. The Firm is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all persons in connection with hiring, assignment, promotion, compensation or other conditions of the employment relationship regardless of race, color, age, sex, marital status, disability, pregnancy, citizenship, philosophy/religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, political affiliation or belief, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law.To all staffing agencies: PKF O'Connor Davies Advisory, LLC (+IBw-PKFODA+IB0) will not be utilizing agencies to staff this position. Please do not forward resumes to PKFODA partners and/or employees at any of our locations regarding this position. Any recruiter who would like to partner with PKFODA on other positions must have an updated contractual agreement with PKFODA through the Director of Talent Acquisition. Please be reminded, PKFODA is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. All unsolicited resumes will become the property of PKFODA.||aekjfo;i||Harrison, NY
LOFT||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Marketing - LOFT||aekjfo;i||About UsKnitWell Group, a specialty retail operating company, comprises some of the most iconic brands in America +IBM Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lane Bryant, and Talbots. Individually, our brands are unique and strong. Together, we are powerful.Our common thread is our commitment to create exceptional products, provide memorable experiences, and achieve superior results. Our associates are innovators who thrive through collaboration and are dedicated to excellence. At the heart of it all are the customers we serve. We are dedicated to creating fashion that not only looks good but also makes our customers feel good.2024 Summer Internship ProgramExperience is EverythingMARKETING SUMMER INTERNSHIP +IBM LOFTInspirational. Customer-Centric. Results Driven.The Marketing Intern will assist the marketing team to support key initiatives and projects. This is a highly collaborative position that requires working with cross-functional partners and establishing strong relationships to drive business results.Qualifications Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Excellent time management, multi-tasking and organizational skills Critical eye for detail and comfort under pressure Experience in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, InDesign and Illustrator) is a plusPROGRAM DETAILSThe Summer Internship Program welcomes top university students and recent graduates to join our team and kick-start their career in retail. This immersive experience offers Interns the opportunity to explore the fashion industry while developing the skills and behaviors necessary to succeed in a fast-paced environment.+IC8 During this competitively paid, 10-week program, Interns will gain insights into to the business through practical hands-on experience, dynamic learning and development opportunities, exposure to industry leaders and participation in a collaborative team project.Applicant Requirements Recent college graduate (Class of 2024) or rising Senior (Class of 2025) Resume Ability to independently secure and finance housing in commutable distance to office location Available June 3, 2024 +IBM August 9, 2024The target salary for this role is: $20/hour.Location:Times Square Tower-ANN-New York, NY 10036Position TypeIntern (Fixed Term) (Trainee)/Full timeEqual Employment OpportunityThe Company is committed to hiring and developing the most qualified people at all levels. It is our policy in all personnel actions to ensure that all associates and potential associates are evaluated on the basis of qualifications and ability without regard to sex (including pregnancy), race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability that can reasonably be accommodated without undue hardship, genetic information, military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected classification under federal, state, or local law. We do not discriminate in any of our employment policies and practices. All associates are expected to follow these principles in all relationships with other associates, applicants, or others with whom we do business.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Giant Spoon||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Experiential Design Intern||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $19.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ogilvy||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||2024 Ogilvy Creative Summer Internship | Producer||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $22.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Sesame Workshop||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||2024 Spring - Creative Development Internship||157680.0||$18.00/hr - $22.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
LOFT||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Marketing - Ann Taylor||aekjfo;i||Lindsay Lipari                    Lindsay Lipari                      Senior Manager, Talent Acquisition @ KnitWell Group (Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lane Bryant & Talbots)||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
The Walt Disney Company||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Disney Theatrical Group Creative Development Intern, Summer 2024||aekjfo;i||About The Role & ProgramDisney Theatrical Group (DTG) is among the world+IBk-s most successful commercial theatre enterprises, producing and licensing live entertainment productions and events around the globe. Its nine Broadway titles, including the current Broadway productions of The Lion King and Aladdin have been seen by over 160 million theatergoers worldwide! We also deliver live shows through its license to Feld Entertainment, producer of Disney on Ice and Marvel Universe Live! Additionally, we license full-length, junior, and kids adapted titles for regional, school and community theatre productions.DTG is committed to providing the highest quality career training and development for the widest, most diverse group throughout their career trajectory.+IC8 We+IC8-encourage+IC8-applications from individuals whose+IC8-backgrounds are currently underrepresented in the field of theater administration, inclusive of race, ethnicity, class, gender identity or expression, disability, and sexual orientation.+IC8-The Creative Development department is currently seeking a hard-working self-starter summer intern. The intern will gain a comprehensive understanding of how Disney Theatrical Group develops a new show+IBM-from the kernel of the idea, assembling a creative team, crafting the script and score, guiding the show through its pilot production and ultimately supporting its worldwide rollout and commercial licensing. Interns gain first-hand knowledge of how our productions fit into the theatrical landscape as a whole, as well as exposure to both the creative and business aspects of producing. If selected for this role, you will report to the Sr. Manager, Creative Development. What You Will DoSupport the department+IBk-s active slate of shows in different stages of development. This includes administrative tasks, research, and dramaturgical projects.Contribute to the writing and editing process for published materials such as JR & KIDS Showkits. Giving to research and dramaturgical projects.Track new works that play in New York, across the country, and internationally.Write coverage of local new musicals and plays.Required Qualifications & SkillsPassion for new theatrical works, especially musicalsOutstanding writing and proofreading skillsA friendly, collaborative spirit with passion for excellenceAn understanding of the names and credits of established theater makersA willingness to cover readings and shows outside of office hours (up to twice per week)Proficiency in Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, Word, and Power PointPreferred QualificationsAbility to read musicEducationPursuing an undergraduate degree in theater, or related field, with an interest towards a career in producing, directing, creative development, or arts administration.Eligibility Requirements & Program InformationMust be enrolled in an accredited college/university taking at least one class in the semester/quarter (spring/fall) prior to participation in the internship program OR must have graduated from a college/university within 6 months at time of application posting OR currently participating in a Disney College Program or Disney Professional InternshipMust be at least 18 years of ageMust not have completed one year of continual employment on a Disney internship or program.Must possess unrestricted work authorizationPosition is located in New York City, NYAdditional InformationThe approximate dates of this internship are June 2024 through August 2024Must be able to work 40 hrs per week, Monday through Friday, 9am - 6pm EST onsiteMust have housing and reliable transportation to/from workThe pay rate for this internship in New York is $21.70 per hour. Select benefits may be provided as part of the compensation package, such as medical, financial, and/or other benefits. To learn more about our benefits visit: https://jobs.disneycareers.com/benefits.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
LVMH||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||LVMH Inc. 2024 Summer Internship Cohort - Digital Innovation MBA Intern||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ogilvy||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||2024 Ogilvy Creative Summer Internship | Art Director||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $22.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
alice +- olivia||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Creative Production Intern||aekjfo;i||POSITION TITLE:  Creative Production Intern (Spring 2024)DEPARTMENT: Creative ServicesLOCATION:  New York, NYJOB TYPE: Full-Time (4 days a week minimum)POSITION SUMMARY: The Creative Production Intern will engage in a variety of organizational, physical, and administrative duties and tasks to provide day-to-day operational support for our Creative team.KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide creative production-related support for Editorial, Social, and E-Commerce shoots.  Assist in preparation for photo shoots, style-outs, and castings.  Assist the team by putting together creative decks, location scouting, organizing samples, moving equipment, and general admin/PA tasks.  Work closely with our producers and cross-functionally work with other team members of the Creative Services department. ESSENTIAL SKILLS, EXPERIENCE, AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: Experience in fashion a plus Be able to lift 50 pounds Highly organized; excellent attention to detail, ability to prioritize responsibilities, work under tight deadlines and manage multiple tasks simultaneously+IC8 An excellent communicator; strong written, verbal and listening skills.+IC8 Can understand and follow directions.+IC8 Strong interpersonal skills with a positive, collaborative style+IC8 A resourceful self-starter who can work independently Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)+IC8 Proficient in Adobe Suite not required but a plusSalary: $16.00/hourThis job description is not an exhaustive list of all functions that the employee may be required to perform, and the employee may be required to perform additional functions. Additionally, the job responsibilities may change at any time as necessitated by business demands.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Doing Things||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||TikTok Intern||aekjfo;i||About Doing ThingsAt Doing Things, our process is unique, but our purpose is clear. We connect consumers across the world through humor and happiness. Doing Things is responsible for the funniest, most shareable, and culturally relevant memes and video content on the Internet. The company is making ordinary life relatable, humorous and entertaining through a portfolio that includes some of the most popular brands built on Instagram, including Middle Class Fancy, Shithead Steve, Overheard, Recess Therapy, Bob Does Sports and Animals Doing Things, among others. Through its IP, Doing Things fuels consumer products, branded content, video licensing, publishing and original entertainment across digital and linear TV.Founded in 2017, Doing Things touts more than 35+- unique brands and delivers more than 100 pieces of original and curated content daily to an audience of more than 80 million followers across Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, YouTube and Snap. This includes the company+IBk-s fast-growing direct-to-consumer products business, featuring comedic apparel and accessories based on what+IBk-s trending, as well as our Breezy golf apparel line.Today, Doing Things is looking to expand its team as we extend our reach to bring smiles to millions of new community members across the globe.Job DescriptionWe+IBk-re looking for a creative, funny, chronically online TikTok Intern to help us make and curate the best content for our portfolio of brands. The perfect candidate will be someone who obsessively consumes social content (particularly on TikTok, Snap and Instagram), who has experience running content pages of their own (include links in your application!) and who is a hard worker but doesn+IBk-t take themselves too seriously.You+IBk-ll divide your time between using your knowledge of what+IBk-s trending to create funny, original video and meme content for our brands +IBQ with an emphasis on Shithead Steve and Middle Class fancy +IBQ and helping us identify strong UGC content and up and coming creators we can work with. This role will report to the Creative Lead for Editorial, and will work closely with brand managers running each of our pages. This is a great opportunity for someone interested in pursuing a career in online content to get their feet wet!ResponsibilitiesWork with members of our Editorial Team to develop new content ideas.Deliver an agreed-upon number of polished content pieces, with an emphasis on video and TikTok-first content, each week.Consume digital content obsessively, particularly in the meme/humor space, and stay up to date with current trends and internet humor.Keep an eye out for high-engagement content and content creators that we can add to our network and potentially partner with.QualificationsExperience running your own personal TikTok and/or Instagram account(s), with a particular focus on creating high-engagement original content.A great sense of humor that+IBk-s informed by knowledge of what+IBk-s trending on social media (including TikTok video trends, current meme templates, etc.)Easygoing attitude, but ambitious and eager to learn more about the digital content space.What We OfferAt Doing Things, you make an immediate impact. Doing Things is a start-up made up of smart, talented and driven people looking for other potential team members with the same attitude of innovation and excellence. We offer incredible opportunities to learn and work on projects that are at the forefront of the internet media landscape and are transforming digital advertising. We offer competitive compensation that includes cutting edge work and the opportunity to join a rapidly growing startup with a proven product.The hourly rate for this internship at the time of posting will be $15 USD per hour.EOEAt Doing Things, we don+IBk-t just accept differences - we celebrate them, we support them, and we thrive on them for the benefit of our employees, our brands and our community. Doing Things is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.DisclaimerDoing Things does not interview candidates via email and job offers are only extended after a thorough interview process involving phone and/or video interviews. If you receive a suspicious email regarding a position with Doing Things and/or a job offer, please do not respond. Forward that email to jobs@doingthings.com.Powered by JazzHRwEfZe54Npa||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Puig||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern, Prestige||aekjfo;i||The Opportunity Puig is a third-generation family-owned fashion and fragrance business headquartered in Barcelona. The strength of Puig lies in its ability to build brands, shape brand images through fashion, and translate that image into the world of fragrance through storytelling and product excellence.We have an exciting internship opportunity available on our marketing team at Puig+IBk-s New York office, focusing on Prestige brands such as Jean Paul Gaultier, Carolina Herrera, and Rabanne. We are seeking a motivated self-starter who is passionate about the beauty industry and eager to gain hands-on experience in a dynamic business environment. This internship offers a unique chance to be involved in various aspects of fragrance marketing, from strategic brand development to day-to-day operational support. What you+IBk-ll get to doMonitoring competitive trends and analyzing market sales data (ad hoc requests to pull and evaluate data from NPD).Drawing conclusions from monthly sell-out results and providing explanations to Global Teams regarding performance in the US market.Assisting in the execution of the Prestige 360 marketing plan (including project briefs, code management, and maintenance of product information documents).Serving as the primary liaison between the Marketing and Sales Operations teams to ensure effective communication of marketing tools for each season.Collaborating with global colleagues to order and organize comps, lab samples, and first production pieces.Managing all product needs for advertising and ensuring accuracy of all ads (copy, price).Assisting with day-to-day administrative tasks, including purchase order and sample management.We+IBk-d love to meet you if you haveAvailability for a minimum commitment of 3 months.Bachelor's degree or background in marketing or business.A deep passion for the beauty and fragrance industry.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook.Exceptional organizational skills with great attention to detail and effective time management.Adaptability and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.A positive attitude and an entrepreneurial spirit.As required by the New York City salary transparency law, effective November 2022, the expected base salary for this position is $20 per hour. Various factors are considered when extending offers, such as relevant skillset, training, years of experience related to the current job description, education, and our organizational structure.EEOCPuig is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Commitment At Puig, we are continually looking for enthusiastic and committed individuals from a broad range of backgrounds and experiences to join our team. We believe that creating an inclusive environment in which you feel welcomed, valued, engaged, and empowered strengthens our business and fosters a culture where we are inspired to work hard, challenge ourselves, and be innovative in our thinking. Additionally, we believe that the diversity of our employees makes us a stronger company and better able to serve our customers around the world. About PuigPuig creates unique and highly desirable beauty and fashion brands that empower people to reinforce their self-esteem and find their own expression in a family-owned company that aims to leave a better world for the next generation.Our brand portfolio is structured in three divisions: Beauty and Fashion, with the owned brands Carolina Herrera, Nina Ricci, Paco Rabanne, Jean Paul Gaultier, Dries Van Noten, Penhaligon+IBk-s, and L+IBk-Artisan Parfumeur; the licenses of Christian Louboutin and Comme des Gar+AOc-ons perfumes; and Lifestyle fragrances, among them Adolfo Dominguez, Antonio Banderas, Shakira, and Benetton. The Charlotte Tilbury division, which includes the luxury makeup brand and the Derma division, with the Apivita, Uriage and Isdin brands. We sell products in 150 countries and operate 26 subsidiaries.At Puig we honor the values and principles put in place by three generations of family leadership. Today we continue to build on that legacy, through conscious commitments in our ESG agenda (environmental, social, and governance) aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ogilvy||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||2024 Ogilvy Creative Summer Internship | Copywriter||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $22.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Get It Recruit - Marketing||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Intern (Spring) - Remote | WFH||aekjfo;i||Wellbeing Brand - Social Media Internship OpportunityAbout UsWe are a leading wellbeing brand dedicated to redefining motherhood for a new generation of mothers. At our core, we empower modern mamas by providing expert information, fostering an inspiring community, and curating thoughtful products to guide them through the incredible journey of motherhood.Internship OverviewJoin our dynamic Audience Growth team and play a vital role in expanding and engaging our social media platforms. We are seeking a creative individual with a passion for storytelling, social media experience, and basic design and editing skills. As a Social Media Intern, you will contribute to the overall engagement and sourcing across various platforms, including Instagram, YouTube, and TikTok.ResponsibilitiesCollaborate on social content creation, including IG Stories, feed posts, and Reels.Source captivating images on Instagram from influencers and relevant hashtags.Identify editorial content for repackaging and repromotion on social media.Assist in optimizing videos for TikTok and YouTube through keyword research and platform search strategy.Edit existing Motherly content and optimize it for the YouTube platform.Research and provide insights on competitive thumbnail strategies, offering a Motherly perspective.Engage with our community and moderate discussions.Generate basic analytics reports for team meetings.Actively participate in brainstorming sessions and team meetings as needed.Stay updated on real-time trends for Motherly and competitor brands.Desired Skills And ExperienceCurrently pursuing studies in marketing, media, or journalism.Eagerness to learn and grow in a fast-moving startup environment.Presentation and video editing experience.Self-motivated with the ability to take initiative.Internship DetailsPart-Time Spring Internship: 3 days a week / 12 hours a weekRemote work-from-home internshipFor College Credit OnlyJoin us in shaping the narrative of motherhood for the modern generation. Apply now and be a part of our positive, encouraging community!Employment Type: Full-TimeSalary: $ 16.00 21.00 Per Hour||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ever/Body||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||131400.0||$15.00/hr - $18.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Giant Spoon||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Content Creator Intern||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $19.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Giant Spoon||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Media Intern (NY)||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $19.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
David Yurman||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Archive Intern||aekjfo;i||About UsDavid Yurman is a celebrated American jewelry company founded in New York by David Yurman, a sculptor, and his wife, Sybil, a painter and ceramicist. When the artists began collaborating, their goal was simply to make beautiful objects to wear. Led today by their son Evan, David Yurman creates timeless, yet contemporary collections for women and men defined by inspiration, innovation, consummate craftsmanship and cable +IBM the brand+IBk-s artistic signature. David Yurman collections are available at 50 retail stores throughout the United States, Canada, Hong Kong and France and at over 300 locations worldwide, through their exclusive authorized fine jewelry and timepiece network of retailers.Job DescriptionDavid Yurman Internship ProgramThe David Yurman Summer Internship Program is a paid, 10-week learning experience in which interns collaborate closely on company projects and initiatives in their respective professional areas of interest. Interns also work in teams throughout the summer to develop their capstone project, which is presented to our senior leadership team at the end of the summer.At David Yurman, we are proud to foster a learning environment, and provide interns with a robust learning and development program. Through professional and social events with internal and external guest speakers, interns have the opportunity to learn more about jewelry, luxury retail as well as develop their communication, presentation and leadership development skills.Students of diverse backgrounds are encouraged to apply, including, but not limited to race, ethnicity, gender expression, LGBTQ+-, military status, and people with disabilities.Dates: June 3rd, 2024- August 9th 2024Diversity, Equity & Inclusion at David YurmanAs a company founded by artists, David Yurman champions self-expression in everything we do. We are committed to fostering a culture of openness and creative collaboration within our entire community, and we cherish the diversity of our employees+IBk backgrounds and perspectives. We will always advocate for equity and inclusion for all.Title- Archive InternReports to- ArchivistOverviewDavid Yurman is looking for an Archive Intern to help support the Archives, Creative Team. The selected candidate should have outstanding interpersonal skills, strong organizational skills, and a collaborative approach.What you+IBk-ll doUpdating metadata into DAM system. Organizing/Sorting Archive+IBk-s physical collections including paper/object collections. Assist VP and Department Managers in day-to-day tasks and needs. Assist with research for new acquisitions and special projects in the department. QualificationsStrong attention to detail and commitment to quality and accuracyWorks well with others and independentlyAbility to understand archival standards, concepts, and best practices. Takes direction well and can follow established workflows and procedure. Works efficiently with ability to prioritize deadlines. Strong interest in art history, gemology, and jewelry preferred. EducationMust be currently enrolled in undergraduate studies in a related field with a 3.0 overall GPA minimumCurrently enrolled or recently graduated (within the last 2 years) graduate students, library science or related discipline preferredWork location New York, NY (5 days a week in the office)The company offers its interns competitive compensation and perks:The estimated pay range for this role is $21/hourWeekly learning & social eventsSummer FridaysDavid Yurman is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides equal opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to an individual+IBk-s age, race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender expression, military status, marital status, genetic predisposition, carrier status, disability, or membership in any other protected class under applicable law.David Yurman is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
CLM Agency||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Art Department Intern||aekjfo;i||CLM is a global creative agency representing a community of the most inspiring, respected and innovative artists working today. We are looking to recruit a part-time Intern for the Art / Marketing Department in the New York office. The right candidate will be highly organized with great attention to detail and will have strong communication & digital skills.This is a paid, part-time, and in person position. We are looking for a candidate who is free Tues+IBM-Thurs from 10 AM to 5 PM. A passion for the creative arts and an interest in design & archive management is essential. Our intern will be supporting the production of marketing materials such as artist portfolios and pitch decks, website updates, social media posts, etc. There will be the opportunity to work with the creative team, our agents, and the artists we represent.You will be assisting with the day-to-day responsibilities of the art department which include the following:Department Responsibilities+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Helping to maintain the digital archive and artists' online portfolios+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Creating client and artist presentations in Keynote and InDesign+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Collating newsletters and assisting with mailing lists and other marketing and sales tools+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Communicating with publications, brands, and outside photography agents to request imagery+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Monitoring artists' press and news+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Staying informed on new artists, new clients, new magazines, general industry news+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Helping with the agency's digital platforms, including social media+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Assisting with the day-to-day running of the Art DepartmentQualifications+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Possesses an eye for design and a creative mindset+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-The ideal candidate is eager to learn, solutions oriented, and has a no job-is-too-small attitude+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Microsoft Office, Keynote & Adobe Creative Cloud (Photoshop, InDesign, Premiere Pro) knowledge essential+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Mac proficiency, Microsoft Office, Outlook, and general computer skills are essential+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Great organizational skills+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Professional communication skills+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-Flexibility as duties will vary throughout the day+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-A strong interest and knowledge base of fashion and photography+Jc8AoACgAKAAoACg-College Age (Juniors & Seniors preferred)Note: you do not have to be actively pursuing a degree to applyCompensation: $17.50/hourFurther DetailsOur team works on a hybrid office schedule+IBM onsite at our Soho office several days a week and virtually the rest. Candidates must be able to commute. Intern schedule will be determined by availability and business needs bi-weekly.To be considered for this position, please send your resume and any work samples to lindsey@clmus.com. Please include the Job Post Title in the subject of your email. Applications submitted in any other way will not be considered.||aekjfo;i||Manhattan, NY
Sundae School||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Sundae School Marketing Intern (NYC based)||aekjfo;i||Sundae School NY team is looking for an intern who will aid the Marketing team in social media, community engagement, and copywriting for all marketing channels, along with other marketing miscellaneous tasks. This person is interested/curious in Asian-American culture, and has previous experience in email marketing, content deck creation, and PR . We're looking for an individual who strives for excellence within a fast-paced Fashion and Cannabis environment.In this role, you will leverage your skills to assist the Community and Marketing Manager. We+IBk-re looking for someone with a strong initiative and a "how can I help" mentality, and the willingness to support the team where needed. The primary day-to-day tasks will be assisting the Influencer/Community and Marketing Managers in social media management, PR outreach, and copywriting. This is a Part-Time position at our NY office in LES.This is a Part-Time position at our NY office/LES.Starting Rate: $20/hrKey Deliverables And Responsibilities:Social Media Management: Assist the Community and Marketing Manager on maintaining social engagement and planning.Copywriting: Assist Marketing Manager with email marketing campaigns as well as Community Manager on copy for activationsGifting: Assist Community Manager on influencer outreach and managing emails/DMs. Will additionally help on keeping track of gifting.Activation: Assist Community Manager at onsite activationsWhat You+IBk-ll Bring:Passion for social media and a deep understanding of Instagram & TikTok memes and pop culture momentsExperience in creating social media planningExperience in content deck creationThorough knowledge of the PR gifting pipelineExperience in ShopifyAbility to work on multiple projects at oncePer state law, you must be at least 21 years of ageMust be fluent in written and spoken English (Reading, Writing, & Speaking)RequirementsWould Love to Have:Ability to match and copywrite in our company toneExperience in Social Media ManagementExperience in Email MarketingExperience in Customer Service (online and offline)Experience in ShopifyAbility to lift 20 lbs or heavierRequirements:0-1 yr experience||aekjfo;i||New York County, NY
LVMH||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||LVMH Inc. 20204 Summer Internship Cohort - Ethics & Compliance JD/MBA Intern||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
WSP in the U.S.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $28.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Beam Living||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||aekjfo;i||Position: Intern, MarketingFLSA Status: Non-Exempt/HourlyWork Location: New York, NY Worksite Status: Hybrid (Position requires being on-site a minimum of three days per week)Beam Living is a vertically integrated Real Estate management company that creates, manages, and supports communities throughout New York City.We are focused on being both a great place to work and to live. We are part of a very competitive NYC residential real estate market and need a very talented team to deliver on our promises to residents and to communicate to the world why they should live in our communities.Beam Living+IBk-s Internship Program is a 10-week immersive program where you will not only learn and grow in your respective field, but also have the opportunity to be mentored by one of our awesome teammates and participate in a weekly leadership development seminar.The program will begin on Monday, June 3, 2024, and end on Friday, August 9, 2024.If you are interested in broadening your knowledge while helping to build and create as we take care of our residents today and reshape communities to attract the resident of the future, then maybe you should join us!Only read further if you are: KindThoughtfulHonestCommitted to leaving people and places better than you found themSomeone who cares about building a great place for people to work, live & grow.You should be: A rising College Senior currently completing a degree in the Marketing field or a related field to the internship position.A passionate person who believes that helping others win is a noble cause and that compassion and understanding are the only course of action.A creator who enjoys the challenge of solving complex problems.A numbers person who enjoys mining and analyzing data to tell a story and find solutions where needed.An executor who is passionately committed to excellence and will relentlessly pursue the team+IBk-s goals.A creative who believes that if we do something we should do it better than anyone.Flexible. Things change.What you will do:Update daily marketing/leasing report.Attend marketing meetings to learn more about marketing analytics, google analytics, and reporting metrics.Analyze marketing data from websites, listings, newsletters, social media, and advertising and present findings as a narrative.Create goals for all marketing content/efforts based on analytics, from suggesting blog topics, and social media trends, to pinpointing weak spots of formatting/content/etc.Assist with merchandise ordering/organizing/distribution.Shop the competition for information on content, websites, advertising, social media, online reviews, tours and email interactions and timing of responses.Edit or add content to community websites via Umbraco.Participate in a weekly leadership development program designed to develop talent by elevating the next generation of leaders through education, collaboration, and exposure to how each element of the organization functions.Meet with an assigned mentor bi-weekly to discuss job performance and future career goals. Give a final presentation at the end of the program to convey what you learned.Other marketing-related tasks as needed.What you should have:The ability to connect with others to keep the team aligned and focused.An analytical ability to collect and use information to solve complex problems. The technical experience to be able to learn new software and programs quickly and appropriately.The willingness to learn new things and expand your skill set.A positive attitude.A creative mind that allows you to see outside of the box and come up with innovative solutions and ideas.A love for solving problems.A desire to grow and take on ever increasing responsibility.What we offer: We know that if we take care of our team, everything else will fall into place. We aren+IBk-t perfect, but we will try to set very clear expectations, always let you know where you stand, and do everything in our power to help you get where you want to go.Base Salary: $20.00 Per HourYou will have the ability to receive college credit upon successful completion of program.Treating people with kindness and respect will always be at the core of what we do. If you care about what you do and how it impacts others, then maybe you should be part of our team.A few of the people you will work with: Yulia YutsisKyle HockingTamara LakicNasir ThompsonAJ SharmaDavide BianchiCity Life Just Got HappierBeam Living believes that diversity, equity, and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a company. However, it is not enough to just BE diverse, diversity must be embraced! We want you to feel comfortable bringing your best self to work, which is why Beam Celebrates how diversity contributes to a welcoming inclusive environment where everyone belongs. To further our commitment to fostering an environment that welcomes and embraces diversity, all employment decisions at Beam Living are based on individual qualifications, business needs and job requirements without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran or any other status protected by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
DRUM Associates||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||aekjfo;i||Content Creator Marketing InternNew York, NYAt DRUM, we are passionate about connecting talented individuals with opportunities that elevate their careers. Since 1967 we've been forging partnerships, building careers, and shaping success stories. As a dynamic and forward-thinking organization, we believe in the power of people and their potential to transform businesses.DRUM is seeking a creative and data-driven Marketing Intern to join our team. This role will contribute significantly to the marketing strategies for our two brands: DRUM Associates and DRUM UPSKILL.Key Responsibilities:Develop and implement marketing plans for DRUM Associates and DRUM UPSKILL, ensure cohesive branding and messaging across all platforms.Create engaging content for our social media channels (LinkedIn and Instagram), reflect our brand voice and target our diverse audience segments.Stay updated with social media trends and suggest innovative ideas to increase brand visibility and engagement.Design a marketing calendar, schedule content and campaigns efficiently across various platforms.Use data analytics tools to track the performance of marketing campaigns, understand the impact and optimize strategies for maximum growth.Collaborate with team to gather insights and translate them into compelling marketing initiatives.Organize and promote online events, podcasts, and other marketing events.Participate in team meetings, provide fresh perspectives on marketing strategies and campaign development. Qualifications:Rising senior or recent graduate with a degree in Marketing, Communications, Business, or a related field.Strong understanding of social media platforms, particularly LinkedIn and Instagram.Basic knowledge of marketing principles and strategies.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Familiarity with data analysis and using analytics tools to inform marketing decisions.Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a dynamic environment.Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
LVMH||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||LVMH Inc. 2024 Summer Internship Cohort - Corporate Affairs Intern||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
McCann||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||McCann New York +IBM 2024 Summer Internship (Hybrid)||157680.0||$18.00/hr - $20.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Energy Jobline||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $38.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Newark, NJ
MarketWatch||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Summer 2024 Internship - Wealth & Investing Group, Video/Audio||aekjfo;i||Job DescriptionSummer 2024 Internship - Wealth & Investing Group, Video/AudioApplication Deadline: February 29, 2024We encourage you to submit your application as soon as you can as internship applications are reviewed on a rolling basis.Internship Dates: June 3, 2024 - August 9, 2024 (You must be available to work during this period)About UsDow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 130 years and today has one of the world's largest news-gathering operations globally. It is home to leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America's largest newspaper by paid circulation; Barron's, MarketWatch, Mansion Global, Financial News, Investor's Business Daily, Factiva, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, OPIS and Chemical Market Analytics. Dow Jones is a division of News Corp (Nasdaq: NWS, NWSA; ASX: NWS, NWSLV).About The RoleWe+IBk-re looking for a creative intern to join our video and audio production team. You+IBk-re a smart self-starter. You will work with editors, video and audio producers to help create content for MarketWatch, Barron+IBk-s, and Mansion Global.This role is hybrid, based in our New York City office.You WillEdit down interviews and assist on shootsHelp research stories and co-ordinate production logistics and schedule interviews for video and audio storiesOrganize footage and handle other administrative tasksHelp repackage video and audio content for social media platformsHelp the podcast team with research, fact-checking, finding contextual audio materials (e.g., news clippings) and transcriptionsYou HaveA working knowledge of Adobe Premiere and After EffectsKnowledge of IllustratorKnowledge of Audition or Pro ToolsKnowledge of Canon or Sony cameras and ability to shoot awesome video with a smartphoneExceptional writing skillsExperience or interest in building social media strategyAn interest in business, finance and all the ways money makes the world go roundThe ability to ask questions and apply new insightsReasonable accommodation: Dow Jones, Making Careers Newsworthy - We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, age, national origin, disability status, genetic information, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets. Dow Jones is committed to providing reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities, in our job application and/or interview process. If you need assistance or accommodation in completing your application, due to a disability, email us at talentresourceteam@dowjones.com. Please put "Reasonable Accommodation" in the subject line and provide a brief description of the type of assistance you need. This inbox will not be monitored for application status updates.Business Area: BG - MARKETWATCHJob Category: Administration, Facilities & SecretarialUnion StatusNon-Union rolePay Range: $21.00/hour - $21.00/hourWe recognize that attracting the best talent is key to our strategy and success as a company.As a result, we aim for flexibility in structuring competitive compensation offers to ensure we are able to attract the best candidates.The quoted salary range represents our good faith estimate as to what our ideal candidates are likely to expect, and we tailor our offers within the range based on the selected candidate's experience, industry knowledge, location, technical and communication skills, and other factors that may prove relevant during the interview process.Pay-for-performance is a key element in our strategy to attract, engage, and motivate talented people to do their best work. Similarly to salary, for bonus eligible roles, targets are set based on a variety of factors including competitive market practice.For benefits eligible roles, in addition to cash compensation, the company provides a comprehensive and highly competitive benefits package, with a variety of physical health, retirement and savings, caregiving, emotional wellbeing, transportation, and other benefits, including "elective" benefits employees may select to best fit the needs and personal situations of our diverse workforce..Since 1882, Dow Jones has been finding new ways to bring information to the world+IBk-s top business entities. Beginning as a niche news agency in an obscure Wall Street basement, Dow Jones has grown to be a worldwide news and information powerhouse, with prestigious brands including The Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Newswires, Factiva, Barron+IBk-s, MarketWatch and Financial News.This longevity and success is due to a relentless pursuit of accuracy, depth and innovation, enhanced by the wisdom of past experience and a solid grasp on the future ahead. More than its individual brands, Dow Jones is a modern gateway to intelligence, with innovative technology, advanced data feeds, integrated solutions, expert research, award-winning journalism and customizable apps and delivery systems to bring the information that matters most to customers, when and where they need it, every day.If you are a current employee at Dow Jones, do not apply here. Please go to the Career section on your Workday homepage and view "Find Jobs - Dow Jones." Thank you.Req ID: 40279||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
HDR||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern, Civic||157680.0||$18.00/hr - $24.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
GameChanger||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Product Design Intern||aekjfo;i||About GameChangerWe believe in the life changing impact youth sports has on and off the field. Sports encourage leadership, teamwork, responsibility, and confidence +IBM important life lessons that have the power to propel our youth toward meaningful futures. We recognize that without coaches, parents, and volunteers, organized youth sports could not exist. By building the first and best place to experience the youth sports moments important to our community, we are helping families elevate the next generation through youth sports.So if you love sports and their community building potential, or building cool products is your sport, GameChanger is the team for you. We are a remote first, dynamic tech company based in New York City, and we are solving some of the biggest challenges in youth sports today.The Position:Kick-start your career at GameChanger! Serving youth sports communities, our app is used to score and live stream millions of games each year. Join us for a 2024 internship where you can have an impact and grow your skills for the road that lies ahead.We are searching for a motivated and creative Product Design Intern to join our team at GameChanger. This internship offers an incredible opportunity to contribute to the design and development of innovative solutions that enhance user experiences within the sports technology industry.What You'll Do:Collaborate with the product and design teams to assist in creating intuitive and visually appealing user interfaces for our app. Contribute to the design process, including wireframing, prototyping, and creating mockups. Assist in user research, usability testing, and gathering feedback to iterate on design solutions. Work closely with developers to ensure design concepts are implemented accurately. Support the creation and maintenance of design assets and documentation. Receive mentorship from other GC teammates to guide you through the experienceLearn how to contribute to a data driven organizationWork with great people, an awesome product, and have lots of fun together along the way!Who You Are:Currently pursuing a degree in Design, User Experience (UX), Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), or related fields. Proficiency in Figma. Strong design portfolio showcasing relevant projects or coursework. Passion for user-centered design and a keen eye for detail. Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively in a team environment. Knowledge of front-end development (HTML, CSS, etc.) is a plus but not required. Exposure to the end-to-end design process and working in an agile environment. What+IBk-s In It for You:10 weeks of experience working with a community-centered team on an app that is used by millions of people$28 per hour to pay for your contributionsHands-on learningWorking remotely with the option to work in a NYC officeBuilding industry connections with GC employeesMacBooks provided for the duration of the internship by GCBuilding things as part of a brand new team. No time will be wasted on pet projects that never see the light of dayWe are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.The salary for this position is between $28 per hour.DICK+IBk-S Sporting Goods has company-wide practices to monitor and protect the company from significant compliance and monetary implications as it pertains to employer state tax liabilities. Due to said guidelines put in place, we are unable to hire in AK, DE, HI, IA, LA, MS, MT, OK, and SC.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ripple||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Content Marketing Intern (Summer 2024)||221190.0||$25.25/hr - $27.75/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Embrace Management||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Trainee - Full Time||aekjfo;i||We need a Marketing Trainee to join their team on a full-time basis. The primary responsibilities of this role include leading the division, managing and supervising all aspects of an Outreach Program, and the client relationship, as well as growing the agency with new business. The successful candidate will demonstrate expertise in communications, and the ability to think one step ahead of clients to exceed needs.ResponsibilitiesManage the execution of marketing programs as well as assume direct responsibility for the quality of workProvide strategic counsel to clients and account teamAnticipate clients' strategic needs, both long and short termPlan and run strategic client meetingsConsistently offer value and add counselFunction as the main contact for client accounts OR communicate with clients at the senior level to build and maintain relationshipsRetain and develop current accounts to increase revenueSupervise account staff in their daily activities, provide structure and instruction for balancing their workloadsMotivate, mentor, and guide the professional development of staffAssume fiscal responsibility for division, accounts, and teamActively participate and guide the operations and future course of division and agencyQualificationsPrior agency experience is a mustBA/BS Degree in Marketing, Communications, or related fieldDetail-oriented and results-orientedExcellent interpersonal and communication skillsPowered by JazzHR||aekjfo;i||Mount Vernon, NY
NARS Cosmetics||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Hajimari Intern, Global Social Media and Digital (NARS)||aekjfo;i||Why Join Us? When you join Shiseido as a 2024 Summer intern, you are joining+IC8-one of the top beauty companies in the world.+IC8-With a rich portfolio of global brands.+IC8-Shiseido+IBk-s portfolio includes+IC8-the following beauty, skincare,+IC8-and+IC8-fragrance+IC8-brands: Shiseido, NARS,+IC8-Drunk Elephant, Cl+AOk de+IC8-Peau+IC8-Beaut+AOk, Tory Burch Fragrance, Issey Miyake Fragrance, Narciso Rodriguez Fragrance & Herm+AOg-s Fragrance.We aim to transcend borders and boundaries and venture beyond cosmetics to actively contribute to the happiness of our customers across the globe through beauty.We are looking for enthusiastic and driven interns, like you, to be a part of our diverse and talented intern community. We offer a highly immersive and hands-on experience which will give you exposure to the full product life-cycle from Marketing through Manufacturing.+IC8-If you are ready to learn and want an opportunity to bring your ideas to life, then this is the program for you!DescriptionThe Shiseido Summer Internship program is a paid, full time 9-week program for+IC8-college+IC8-rising+IC8-Juniors or Seniors starting June 3rd through August 2nd. We are committed to your professional development so during your time here, you can expect to participate in meaningful projects, networking, professional development workshops, speaker series, volunteer activities, and you will also have the opportunity to connect with your global peers across the world!ResponsibilitiesCuration of appropriate UGC for potential inclusion in monthly NARS content calendarsSupport social media data collection and analysis on monthly data reportsAssist in community management on NARS Global social media platformsCompetitive research and analysis on social media & digitial projectsHelp brainstorm new content ideas for TikTok, Instagram, and YouTube ShortsSupport lo-fi content creation; example includes filming, video editing, and post-produtionAsset management and uploads to DAM and/or social media management platforms (Dash Hudson)Facilitation of product orders and shipments for artists, collaborating Creators and social shoots through shipment partner PIMS New YorkAdministrative task assistance, including but not limited to: Facilitating meeting agendas, scheduling and/or approvals within social media management platforms Khoros and Dash Hudson, social media data collectionRequirementsMust be a+IC8-rising+IC8-Junior or Senior in college working towards a+IC8-bachelor+IBk-s+IC8-degree+IC8 Effective communication skills, attention to detail, and highly organized Energetic, self-motivated, results oriented Flexible and able to function in a fast-paced, safety-first work environment Have a passion for cosmetics, beauty industry and consistently keeping up-to-date with trends+IC8 #NylawShiseido is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender identity, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other classification protected by Federal, State or Local law12960||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
LOFT||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Marketing - Ann Taylor||aekjfo;i||Lindsay Lipari                    Lindsay Lipari                      Senior Manager, Talent Acquisition @ KnitWell Group (Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lane Bryant & Talbots)||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Leviton||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Marketing||157680.0||$18.00/hr - $22.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Melville, NY
PKF O'Connor Davies||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern - Events||aekjfo;i||As a Marketing Intern at PKF O+IBk-Connor Davies, you will get hands-on experience collaborating with our Marketing Department on projects and marketing campaigns. Our marketing interns acquire marketing skills and develop/further their knowledge of various marketing strategies by performing the duties and responsibilities listed below in an efficient and effective manner.Essential DutiesCollect quantitative and qualitative market data. Perform market analysis and research on competition. Support the marketing team in daily administrative tasks. Assist in marketing and advertising promotional activities (e.g., social media, email and web)Prepare promotional presentations. Assist in marketing campaigns. Help distribute marketing materials. QualificationsMust be enrolled in a BS/BA or MS degree program in Marketing, Communications or related field from an accredited university. Individual should be able to work in the Woodcliff Lake, NJ or Harrison, NY officePosition Start Date: ImmediatelyPosition End Date: To be determined. Work Hours: 20 +IBM 25 hours per week (individual can work more than 25 hours/week if they would like)Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Outstanding multi-tasking abilities required. Must be detailed oriented. Ability to work in a fast paced, deadline driven, team-oriented environment is required. The compensation for this position is $20.00 per hour.PKFODA is an equal opportunity employer. The Firm is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all persons in connection with hiring, assignment, promotion, compensation or other conditions of the employment relationship regardless of race, color, age, sex, marital status, disability, pregnancy, citizenship, philosophy/religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, political affiliation or belief, or any other status protected by federal, state or local law.To all staffing agencies: PKF O'Connor Davies Advisory, LLC (+IBw-PKFODA+IB0) will not be utilizing agencies to staff this position. Please do not forward resumes to PKFODA partners and/or employees at any of our locations regarding this position. Any recruiter who would like to partner with PKFODA on other positions must have an updated contractual agreement with PKFODA through the Director of Talent Acquisition. Please be reminded, PKFODA is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. All unsolicited resumes will become the property of PKFODA.||aekjfo;i||Harrison, NY
Puig||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern, Prestige||aekjfo;i||The Opportunity Puig is a third-generation family-owned fashion and fragrance business headquartered in Barcelona. The strength of Puig lies in its ability to build brands, shape brand images through fashion, and translate that image into the world of fragrance through storytelling and product excellence.We have an exciting internship opportunity available on our marketing team at Puig+IBk-s New York office, focusing on Prestige brands such as Jean Paul Gaultier, Carolina Herrera, and Rabanne. We are seeking a motivated self-starter who is passionate about the beauty industry and eager to gain hands-on experience in a dynamic business environment. This internship offers a unique chance to be involved in various aspects of fragrance marketing, from strategic brand development to day-to-day operational support. What you+IBk-ll get to doMonitoring competitive trends and analyzing market sales data (ad hoc requests to pull and evaluate data from NPD).Drawing conclusions from monthly sell-out results and providing explanations to Global Teams regarding performance in the US market.Assisting in the execution of the Prestige 360 marketing plan (including project briefs, code management, and maintenance of product information documents).Serving as the primary liaison between the Marketing and Sales Operations teams to ensure effective communication of marketing tools for each season.Collaborating with global colleagues to order and organize comps, lab samples, and first production pieces.Managing all product needs for advertising and ensuring accuracy of all ads (copy, price).Assisting with day-to-day administrative tasks, including purchase order and sample management.We+IBk-d love to meet you if you haveAvailability for a minimum commitment of 3 months.Bachelor's degree or background in marketing or business.A deep passion for the beauty and fragrance industry.Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, including Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook.Exceptional organizational skills with great attention to detail and effective time management.Adaptability and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.A positive attitude and an entrepreneurial spirit.As required by the New York City salary transparency law, effective November 2022, the expected base salary for this position is $20 per hour. Various factors are considered when extending offers, such as relevant skillset, training, years of experience related to the current job description, education, and our organizational structure.EEOCPuig is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Commitment At Puig, we are continually looking for enthusiastic and committed individuals from a broad range of backgrounds and experiences to join our team. We believe that creating an inclusive environment in which you feel welcomed, valued, engaged, and empowered strengthens our business and fosters a culture where we are inspired to work hard, challenge ourselves, and be innovative in our thinking. Additionally, we believe that the diversity of our employees makes us a stronger company and better able to serve our customers around the world. About PuigPuig creates unique and highly desirable beauty and fashion brands that empower people to reinforce their self-esteem and find their own expression in a family-owned company that aims to leave a better world for the next generation.Our brand portfolio is structured in three divisions: Beauty and Fashion, with the owned brands Carolina Herrera, Nina Ricci, Paco Rabanne, Jean Paul Gaultier, Dries Van Noten, Penhaligon+IBk-s, and L+IBk-Artisan Parfumeur; the licenses of Christian Louboutin and Comme des Gar+AOc-ons perfumes; and Lifestyle fragrances, among them Adolfo Dominguez, Antonio Banderas, Shakira, and Benetton. The Charlotte Tilbury division, which includes the luxury makeup brand and the Derma division, with the Apivita, Uriage and Isdin brands. We sell products in 150 countries and operate 26 subsidiaries.At Puig we honor the values and principles put in place by three generations of family leadership. Today we continue to build on that legacy, through conscious commitments in our ESG agenda (environmental, social, and governance) aligned with the UN Sustainable Development Goals.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Bulgari||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Media Intern||aekjfo;i||About The Program:The Bulgari Summer Internship Program is a NYC based, 10-week learning experience about the luxury retail industry and the world of fine jewelry, watches, and accessories while working alongside professionals in the industry. It is the responsibility of Bulgari to ensure the internship is beneficial to the student+IBk-s learning and growth. The intern must work closely with and under daily guidance and supervision of Bulgari staff. Most interns are based in one department but will have the opportunity to interact with all departments on a regular basis.Profile: The ideal candidate should have a strong interest in the luxury consumer goods industry with a sense of curiosity and positive attitude. Being creative and innovative and cultivate an entrepreneurial mindset is essential to thrive in our environment.Criteria:+ICI Currently enrolled at a University/College and must be entering their Junior or Senior year+ICI Minimum 3.0 GPA+ICI Must be in the NYC/Metro area for the duration of the internship program+ICI Some prior internship or work experience+ICI Passion for Luxury Goods+ICI Strong communication and eagerness to learn+ICI Legally authorized to work in the US+ICI Program will be full time internship from Monday, June 3rd, 2024- Friday, August 9th, 2024The Media Intern will have the opportunity to assist the media team in creating dynamic advertising plans throughout North America and learn about the media landscape through the lens of a leading luxury brand. Reporting to the Media Director, the Media Intern will additionally have the opportunity to work through a project to assist in media planning for Bulgari North America.Responsibilities Include:National Media Planning: Assist and shadow the team with any national advertising planning as seen fitFinancials:Assist with monthly budget issuances to ensure accurate tracking of current media investments by partner and channel to dateSupport team with processing media expenses and accrual process on an on-going basisProject: Develop a more efficient method to translate existing budget documents into various outputs for internal and external purposesCreative:Handle ordering and delivery of creative assets with direct media partnershipsWork with agency partners to ensure all asset requests are ordered and delivered in timely mannerProject: Compile creative asset overviews by campaign for internal sharingMeasurement, Reporting & Tracking:Support the team in aggregating campaign & competitive reporting in collaboration with the media agencyEnsure proof of performance/screenshots are secured for all media initiatives on regular basisHelp synthesize post-campaign reporting into clear and actionable next stepsProject: Develop executive summary view of recent campaign reporting to help synthesize key learnings and implications for future media campaignsEDUCATION & EXPERIENCE Marketing and/or Business MajorExperience within marketing whether from past internships or within clubs/extracurriculars at schoolPassion for advertising and the luxury jewelry & watch industryAttention to detailEnergy and enthusiasmCompensation: Undergraduate Interns will be compensated at: $18/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Westman Atelier||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media & Influencer Intern||aekjfo;i||About Westman AtelierA new standard of clean luxury. Founded by world-renowned editorial makeup artist Gucci Westman, Westman Atelier is a curated edit of skin-loving, performance-first makeup that is always effortless, never overdone. A mother, makeup artist, and champion of holistic living, Gucci believes passionately that +IBg-luxury+IBk, +IBg-efficacy+IBk and +IBg-clean+IBk can be synonymous with exceptional makeup.A skincare approach to high performance make-up formulated with clean ingredients and no-compromise integrityBalancing perfect shades and buttery textures that melt into the skin with plant-based actives and cutting-edge scienceAbout Our FounderGucci Westman has more than 20 years of professional experience as a major editorial makeup artist, contributing to publications like Vogue and Harper+IBk-s Bazaar. Gucci is known for creating dewy, supernaturally glowy looks and her highly coveted +IBw-second-skin approach+IB0 to makeup, resulting in naturally beautiful, radiantly amplified skin.Position SummaryWe are looking for a social media aficionado to join our team as our Social & Influencer Intern reporting directly to our Director of Brand Marketing & Community. Ideal candidates are strong communicators, enthusiastic, open to working on a small, scrappy team, and have a social media/PR/marketing focus. Knowledgeable and passionate about influencers and social media platforms, specifically TikTok. Be an expert communicator, and passionate about connecting with our highly engaged, beauty-loving audience. This hire will be integral in shaping the voice of our content over the 12-week internship period.Responsibilities:Assist Brand Marketing team with day-to-day influencer identification and relationship building, including evergreen gifting and prep for paid partnerships across Instagram, TikTok, etc. Assist with updating and maintaining internal influencer database +- tracking influencer mentions (organic +- sponsored) through Tribe Dynamics Help with daily send-outs to influencers, brand partners, makeup artists and VIPs Build out influencer +- editor mailer lists in partnership with PR & Influencer Manager +- Community Manager Assist with day-to-day liaising with our press agency for sendouts, brand assets, product informationOversee evergreen gifting program in partnership with PR & Influencer Manager +- Community Manager Monitor and track industry trends, specifically as it relates to influencer marketing and social, how other brands are collaborating and creating unique experiences Daily community management across social channelsAssist social team in TikTok growth across research, reporting, monitoring, content concepting and creationRequirements:NYC preferred but not required.Brand experience and/or working in beauty is a bonus!Strong Passion and knowledge of the social landscape on TikTok required Prior experience interning for content, social media, and/or marketing departments; Startup experience or working closely with a brand founder, a plusExcellent interpersonal communication and writing skillsProficient in Google Sheets, Slides and Key notePowered by JazzHRtfNTXDvJ78||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
The Walt Disney Company||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Disney Theatrical Group Social Media Intern, Summer 2024||aekjfo;i||About The Role & ProgramDisney Theatrical Group (DTG) is among the world+IBk-s most successful commercial theatre enterprises, producing and licensing live entertainment productions and events around the globe. Its nine Broadway titles, including the current Broadway productions of The Lion King and Aladdin have been seen by over 160 million theatergoers worldwide! We also deliver live shows through its license to Feld Entertainment, producer of Disney on Ice and Marvel Universe Live! Additionally, we license full-length, junior, and kids adapted titles for regional, school and community theatre productions.DTG is committed to providing the highest quality career training and development for the widest, most diverse group throughout their career trajectory. We encourage applications from individuals whose backgrounds are currently underrepresented in the field of theater administration, inclusive of race, ethnicity, class, gender identity or expression, disability, and sexual orientation.Our Marketing team is currently seeking a hardworking self-starter for a summer internship to focus on content strategy, production and community management across social platforms. This individual will support the Manager, Social Media. What You Will DoLearn to build content to support THE LION KING, ALADDIN, and FROZEN across Instagram, Facebook & TikTokParticipate in developing distribution strategies and editorial calendarsAssist in the production and creation of contentRequired Qualifications & SkillsCuriosity about the theatre industryValidated understanding of social media and relevant platformsCuriosity about social media strategy as well as content developmentCollaborative spirit, positive attitude, and eagerness to learnPreferred QualificationsLove for Disney properties!EducationPursuing an undergraduate degree in theater, business, marketing or related areaEligibility Requirements & Program InformationMust be enrolled in an accredited college/university taking at least one class in the semester/quarter (spring/fall) prior to participation in the internship program OR must have graduated from a college/university within 6 months at time of application posting OR currently participating in a Disney College Program or Disney Professional InternshipMust be at least 18 years of ageMust not have completed one year of continual employment on a Disney internship or program.Must possess unrestricted work authorizationPosition is located in New York City, NYAdditional InformationThe approximate dates of this internship are June 2024 through August 2024Must be able to work 40 hrs per week, Monday through Friday, 9am - 6pm EST onsiteMust have housing and reliable transportation to/from workThe pay rate for this internship in New York is $21.70 per hour. Select benefits may be provided as part of the compensation package, such as medical, financial, and/or other benefits. To learn more about our benefits visit: https://jobs.disneycareers.com/benefits.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
LOFT||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Marketing - LOFT||aekjfo;i||About UsKnitWell Group, a specialty retail operating company, comprises some of the most iconic brands in America +IBM Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lane Bryant, and Talbots. Individually, our brands are unique and strong. Together, we are powerful.Our common thread is our commitment to create exceptional products, provide memorable experiences, and achieve superior results. Our associates are innovators who thrive through collaboration and are dedicated to excellence. At the heart of it all are the customers we serve. We are dedicated to creating fashion that not only looks good but also makes our customers feel good.2024 Summer Internship ProgramExperience is EverythingMARKETING SUMMER INTERNSHIP +IBM LOFTInspirational. Customer-Centric. Results Driven.The Marketing Intern will assist the marketing team to support key initiatives and projects. This is a highly collaborative position that requires working with cross-functional partners and establishing strong relationships to drive business results.Qualifications Exceptional written and verbal communication skills Excellent time management, multi-tasking and organizational skills Critical eye for detail and comfort under pressure Experience in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, InDesign and Illustrator) is a plusPROGRAM DETAILSThe Summer Internship Program welcomes top university students and recent graduates to join our team and kick-start their career in retail. This immersive experience offers Interns the opportunity to explore the fashion industry while developing the skills and behaviors necessary to succeed in a fast-paced environment.+IC8 During this competitively paid, 10-week program, Interns will gain insights into to the business through practical hands-on experience, dynamic learning and development opportunities, exposure to industry leaders and participation in a collaborative team project.Applicant Requirements Recent college graduate (Class of 2024) or rising Senior (Class of 2025) Resume Ability to independently secure and finance housing in commutable distance to office location Available June 3, 2024 +IBM August 9, 2024The target salary for this role is: $20/hour.Location:Times Square Tower-ANN-New York, NY 10036Position TypeIntern (Fixed Term) (Trainee)/Full timeEqual Employment OpportunityThe Company is committed to hiring and developing the most qualified people at all levels. It is our policy in all personnel actions to ensure that all associates and potential associates are evaluated on the basis of qualifications and ability without regard to sex (including pregnancy), race, color, national origin, religion, age, disability that can reasonably be accommodated without undue hardship, genetic information, military status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected classification under federal, state, or local law. We do not discriminate in any of our employment policies and practices. All associates are expected to follow these principles in all relationships with other associates, applicants, or others with whom we do business.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Movado Group, Inc||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern - Digital Marketing||aekjfo;i||Brianna Dominguez                    Brianna Dominguez                      Human Resources Coordinator at Movado Group, Inc||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
GameChanger||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Product Marketing Intern||aekjfo;i||About GameChanger:We believe in the life changing impact youth sports have on and off the field. Sports encourage leadership, teamwork, responsibility, and confidence +IBM important life lessons that have the power to propel our youth toward meaningful futures. We recognize that without coaches, parents, and volunteers, organized youth sports could not exist. By building the first and best place to experience the youth sports moments important to our community, we are helping families elevate the next generation through youth sports.So if you love sports and their community building potential, or building cool products is your sport, GameChanger is the team for you. We are a remote first, dynamic tech company based in New York City, and we are solving some of the biggest challenges in youth sports today.The Position:Kick-start your career at GameChanger! Serving youth sports communities, our app is used to score and live stream millions of games each year. Join us for a 2024 internship where you can have an impact and grow your skills for the road that lies ahead.The product marketing intern will work closely with the Sr. Product Marketing Manager and Product Marketing Director, supporting the development of customer personas, user journeys and key programs in our emerging sports vertical.What You'll Do:Work cross-functionally with product, data, marketing, partnerships, and creative teams to deliver key information that guides creative ideation and execution. Immerse yourself in the nuances that motivate and energize our customers in order to translate and amplify the value of GameChanger. Participate in weekly meetings that drive the product marketing and go-to-market (GTM) teams. Receive mentorship from other GC teammates to guide you through your internship experience. Learn how to contribute to a product driven, data first organization. Work with great people, an awesome product, and lots of fun together along the way!Who You Are:You have interest in learning how GTM teams make strategic decisions and execute excellently in order to show value to current and future users. You enjoy digging into the details - data, insights, and research - in order to identify the most important problems we can solve for our customers. You have an entrepreneurial spirit and are willing to advocate for, execute, and measure new ideas and ways of thinking. You+IBk-re comfortable taking constructive feedback and dishing out real talk in order to move past blockers. You are pursuing a Bachelor+IBk-s degree or an MBA in communications, marketing, tech, sports industry or a related field. You are organized, curious, and proactive team player who is results-oriented. You+IBk-re a great communicator and enthusiastic about using technology to enhance people+IBk-s lives. What+IBk-s In It for You:10 weeks of experience working with a community-centered team on an app that is used by millions of people$28 per hour to pay for your contributionsHands-on learningWorking remotely with the option to work in a NYC officeBuilding industry connections with GC employeesMacBooks provided for the duration of the internship by GCBuilding things as part of a brand new team. No time will be wasted on pet projects that never see the light of dayWe are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.The salary for this opportunity is $28 per hourDICK+IBk-S Sporting Goods has company-wide practices to monitor and protect the company from significant compliance and monetary implications as it pertains to employer state tax liabilities. Due to said guidelines put in place, we are unable to hire in AK, DE, HI, IA, LA, MS, MT, OK, and SC.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ever/Body||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||131400.0||$15.00/hr - $18.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Harry's Inc.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Brand Communications Intern, Flamingo||aekjfo;i||About FlamingoWith well-designed products and honest conversations at its core, Flamingo launched in 2018 with a suite of products for body hair. Since then, we have expanded our assortment to be the first brand that offers products for every routine: razors, wax strips for face and body, shave gel, body lotion, mons mist, ingrown spot treatment, and tweezers. In February 2019, Flamingo launched at Target stores nationwide, immediately jumping to the top of the bestseller list for razors, wax strips, and shave gel. Our products and campaigns have been covered by outlets like Vogue, Vanity Fair, Elle, and InStyle, and we+IBk-ve won major beauty accolades like Allure+IBk-s Best in Beauty, Self+IBk-s Healthy Beauty Awards, and Women+IBk-s Health Beauty Awards. In 2023, we launched our first brand podcast, Unruly, which explores the quiet ways women+IBk-s bodies are regulated every day. About The RoleAs a Summer Brand Communications intern for the Flamingo brand, you will be a part of the core team responsible for leading the development of breakthrough narratives and brand communications campaigns that help introduce Flamingo to the world and create a deep relationship with the consumer. The role will be a unique learning experience: you will learn how a brand tells its story through social, content, and influencer strategies and aid in its execution. The Brand Communications intern will play an important part by assisting our team with our 2024 strategy, which will include organic social and content support, day-to-day management of influencer and gifting partners, storytelling ideation, PR requests, and initiatives, brand partnerships, event execution, offline activations and end-to-end execution of brand marketing campaigns. During your time on the team, you will learn how to develop standout communications campaigns from start to finish by leveraging social media, influencers, traditional PR, and brand partnerships.We+IBk-re looking for someone who values a hands-on learning experience and is the ultimate team player. You+IBk-ll love this role if you want to learn more about building best-in-class brands through strategic marketing campaigns and navigating an ever-changing media landscape in a resource-rich environment. In this role, you will help to find, acquire, develop, manage, and launch content that will increase brand awareness and engagement.What you can expect from our summer internship program:Learn about Harry+IBk-s history and culture through our Summer Intern onboarding experience.Socialize and build your network through regular check-ins, lunches, and events with fellow interns.Develop relationships with and secure guidance from mentors from your immediate team and from one of our seven Employee Resource Groups.Participate in regular Q&As with Harry+IBk-s, Inc. leadership.Highlight projects you observed and contributed to in an End of Summer Wrap-Up with your fellow interns, in a fun and engaging forum.What you will observe, learn about, and assist our teams to accomplish:Support day-to-day content, influencer, and social activitiesCreate and execute a succinct brand awareness campaign through influencer, social, or content marketingIdeate, manage, and produce content to drive business outcomesAssist with the execution of 2024 content marketing campaigns and learn to create influencer marketing briefsAssist with executing Flamingo+IBk-s summer influencer marketing campaigns, including identifying partners, approving content, and additional administrative tasksParticipate in internal meetings by providing updates on assigned projects/tasks and actively participate in brainstorming sessions by sharing new ideas for campaigns, product launches, etc.Assist the team with creating monthly reports and campaign recapsYou should apply if some or all of the following apply to you:You+IBk-re a rising Junior, Senior, or recent grad studying Public Relations, Marketing, Communications, Media, English, Creative Writing or similar.You are a natural communicator with strong writing skills; you can sell people into a vision and bring them along on your thought process and strategy.You love creating, whether shooting a TikTok video or writing a poem.You are creative and brimming with your own ideas.You are very organized; to-do lists are your jam! You+IBk-re known for being detail-oriented and getting things done in a timely manner.You have your finger on the pulse of trends; you know what+IBk-s relevant, what+IBk-s new, and what+IBk-s coming up.You are resourceful, take initiative, and are comfortable in a fast-paced environment. Working under tight deadlines and adapting to change comes naturally to you.You are comfortable receiving and providing feedback! You can address questions, concerns, and critiques in a clear, confident way and pivot quickly based on feedback.You actively seek opportunities for learning and growth outside traditional education. Here's who you'll work with:You will report to the Content Marketing ManagerYou will work on the Flamingo Brand Communications teamYou will work cross-functionally with the Flamingo Social Media Senior Associate, the Head of Brand Communications, the Creative Team, the DTC team, the Brand Management Team, and more! About Harry+IBk-sHarry+IBk-s, Inc. started in 2013 with a specific goal: to disrupt the shaving industry by creating an innovative, everyday product at a fair price. Since then, Harry+IBk-s has expanded to Canada and Europe, developed relationships with retailers such as Target and Walmart, expanded our grooming brand into a personal care powerhouse, launched two new brands including Flamingo and Cat Person, and made our first brand acquisition with Lum+ARM. The key to our success? Our amazing people. From chemists, mechanical engineers, and CX associates, to creative directors, sourcing managers, and logistics specialists, the Harry+IBk-s team is composed of some of the most brilliant, diverse, and humble people you+IBk-ll ever meet. Our brands answer unmet consumer needs, but our company is a place of inclusion and innovation that attracts some of the brightest minds across industries, geographies, and backgrounds. Whether we have a team of 5 or 500, our core values and our startup mentality remain; we value continuous improvement and learning, teamwork and collaboration, creative problem-solving, and open and direct dialogue and feedback.Harry+IBk-s is operating as a hybrid-first environment - for us, that means we ask folks to come into our beautiful, 88,000-square-foot SoHo office a minimum of 2 days per week. What will you get out of that? Bagels on Wednesdays and lunch on Thursdays, and fully stocked kitchens with snacks, coffee, and drinks every day. Can+IBk-t forget the free products and the opportunity to have some meetings without Zoom.Harry+IBk-s is committed to bringing together individuals from different backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do great work together.Harry+IBk-s is an Equal Opportunity Employer, providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals. We recruit, hire and promote into all job levels the most qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), parental status, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, marital, family or partnership status, political affiliation or activities, military service, domestic violence victim status, arrest/conviction record, sexual or reproductive health decisions, caregiver status, credit history immigration status, unemployment status, traits historically associated with race, including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles or any other status protected under applicable federal, state and local laws. Harry+IBk-s commitment to providing equal employment opportunities extends to all aspects of employment, including job assignment, compensation, discipline and access to benefits and training.We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our company.We can+IBk-t quantify all of the intangible things we think you+IBk-ll love about working at Harry+IBk-s, like the exciting challenges we tackle, the smart and humble team you+IBk-ll get to work with, and our supportive and inclusive culture. That said, our salaries are based on paying competitively for our size and industry. The base salary for this position is $25/hour.We will be accepting applications until March 1, 2024. We will contact select applicants regarding next steps at that time.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
DRUM Associates||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||aekjfo;i||Content Creator Marketing InternNew York, NYAt DRUM, we are passionate about connecting talented individuals with opportunities that elevate their careers. Since 1967 we've been forging partnerships, building careers, and shaping success stories. As a dynamic and forward-thinking organization, we believe in the power of people and their potential to transform businesses.DRUM is seeking a creative and data-driven Marketing Intern to join our team. This role will contribute significantly to the marketing strategies for our two brands: DRUM Associates and DRUM UPSKILL.Key Responsibilities:Develop and implement marketing plans for DRUM Associates and DRUM UPSKILL, ensure cohesive branding and messaging across all platforms.Create engaging content for our social media channels (LinkedIn and Instagram), reflect our brand voice and target our diverse audience segments.Stay updated with social media trends and suggest innovative ideas to increase brand visibility and engagement.Design a marketing calendar, schedule content and campaigns efficiently across various platforms.Use data analytics tools to track the performance of marketing campaigns, understand the impact and optimize strategies for maximum growth.Collaborate with team to gather insights and translate them into compelling marketing initiatives.Organize and promote online events, podcasts, and other marketing events.Participate in team meetings, provide fresh perspectives on marketing strategies and campaign development. Qualifications:Rising senior or recent graduate with a degree in Marketing, Communications, Business, or a related field.Strong understanding of social media platforms, particularly LinkedIn and Instagram.Basic knowledge of marketing principles and strategies.Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Familiarity with data analysis and using analytics tools to inform marketing decisions.Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a dynamic environment.Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Get It Recruit - Marketing||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Intern (Spring) - Remote | WFH||aekjfo;i||Wellbeing Brand - Social Media Internship OpportunityAbout UsWe are a leading wellbeing brand dedicated to redefining motherhood for a new generation of mothers. At our core, we empower modern mamas by providing expert information, fostering an inspiring community, and curating thoughtful products to guide them through the incredible journey of motherhood.Internship OverviewJoin our dynamic Audience Growth team and play a vital role in expanding and engaging our social media platforms. We are seeking a creative individual with a passion for storytelling, social media experience, and basic design and editing skills. As a Social Media Intern, you will contribute to the overall engagement and sourcing across various platforms, including Instagram, YouTube, and TikTok.ResponsibilitiesCollaborate on social content creation, including IG Stories, feed posts, and Reels.Source captivating images on Instagram from influencers and relevant hashtags.Identify editorial content for repackaging and repromotion on social media.Assist in optimizing videos for TikTok and YouTube through keyword research and platform search strategy.Edit existing Motherly content and optimize it for the YouTube platform.Research and provide insights on competitive thumbnail strategies, offering a Motherly perspective.Engage with our community and moderate discussions.Generate basic analytics reports for team meetings.Actively participate in brainstorming sessions and team meetings as needed.Stay updated on real-time trends for Motherly and competitor brands.Desired Skills And ExperienceCurrently pursuing studies in marketing, media, or journalism.Eagerness to learn and grow in a fast-moving startup environment.Presentation and video editing experience.Self-motivated with the ability to take initiative.Internship DetailsPart-Time Spring Internship: 3 days a week / 12 hours a weekRemote work-from-home internshipFor College Credit OnlyJoin us in shaping the narrative of motherhood for the modern generation. Apply now and be a part of our positive, encouraging community!Employment Type: Full-TimeSalary: $ 16.00 21.00 Per Hour||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
NARS Cosmetics||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Hajimari Intern, International Business Development & Marketing (NARS)||aekjfo;i||Why Join Us?+IC8 When you join Shiseido as a 2024 Summer intern, you are joining+IC8-one of the top beauty companies in the world.+IC8-With a rich portfolio of global brands.+IC8-Shiseido+IBk-s portfolio includes+IC8-the following beauty, skincare,+IC8-and+IC8-fragrance+IC8-brands: Shiseido, NARS,+IC8-Drunk Elephant, Cl+AOk de+IC8-Peau+IC8-Beaut+AOk, Tory Burch Fragrance, Issey Miyake Fragrance, Narciso Rodriguez Fragrance & Herm+AOg-s Fragrance.We aim to transcend borders and boundaries and venture beyond cosmetics to actively contribute to the happiness of our customers across the globe through beauty.We are looking for enthusiastic and driven interns, like you, to be a part of our diverse and talented intern community. We offer a highly immersive and hands-on experience which will give you exposure to the full product life-cycle from Marketing through Manufacturing.+IC8-If you are ready to learn and want an opportunity to bring your ideas to life, then this is the program for you!+IC8-DescriptionThe Shiseido Summer Internship program is a paid, full time 9-week program for+IC8-college+IC8-rising+IC8-Juniors or Seniors starting June 3rd through August 2nd. We are committed to your professional development so during your time here, you can expect to participate in meaningful projects, networking, professional development workshops, speaker series, volunteer activities, and you will also have the opportunity to connect with your global peers across the world! +IC8-ResponsibilitiesThe International Marketing Intern will support the international team in working with the EMEA, Asia and Americas regions to influence the brand+IBk-s strategy in all markets and provide support to the markets for all brand activities. The Intern will help ensure that markets have what they need to drive the business with strong 360+Ato marketing activations.NARS is available in over 46 countries worldwide and the international team is responsible for liaising with the Global Brand Holder team on behalf of all markets except the US.AnalysisCollate and share launch recaps for key competitive launches and social media activities, present to relevant stakeholders Inform the product portfolio strategy by consolidating feedback on proposed launches, product discontinuations and sampling programs Monitor competitive activity globally and regularly share findings with the wider team, especially related to competitors+IBk discounting strategies in the prestige category Assist in the collation on monthly retail reports across all regions and consolidate for senior review. Visual MerchandisingAssist managers with ensuring in-store excellence through timely updates for all assets: video, duratrans, lip and complexion bars etc. Manage the briefing of these updates and ensure delivery to the markets Ensure that final planograms are shared and available on shared platforms Communicate to relevant regions with upcoming global updates to ensure timely execution Product DevelopmentWork with Global Marketing/Product Development/Operations on any region-specific launches or sets across regions CommunicationParticipate in Regional calls, distribute action points and notes following each call SupportHelp manage artwork requests, translation requests, VM briefs, forecasting guidance, retailer.com and brand.com requests from markets to Global Distribute formula samples, shade swatches and forecasting guidelines to markets and garner essential feedback Own product registration mailings to markets that require this process RequirementsMust be a+IC8-rising+IC8-Junior or Senior in college working towards a+IC8-bachelor+IBk-s+IC8-degree+IC8gLw Effective communication+IC8-skills, attention to detail, and highly organized+IC8 Energetic, self-motivated, results oriented+IC8 Flexible and able to function in a fast-paced, safety-first work environment+IC8 Have a passion for cosmetics, beauty industry and consistently keeping up-to-date with trends+IC8#NylawShiseido is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender identity, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other classification protected by Federal, State or Local law12958||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
WSP in the U.S.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $28.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
New York City Economic Development Corporation||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Summer Intern, Marketing||162060.0||$18.50/hr - $23.50/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Arcesium||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||aekjfo;i||Christopher McNally                    Christopher McNally                      Recruiting at Arcesium||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
WSP in the U.S.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||148920.0||$17.00/hr - $28.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Valhalla, NY
E.L.F. BEAUTY||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern, Social Media Insights & Analytics||aekjfo;i||About the Companye.l.f. Beauty, Inc. stands with every eye, lip, face and paw. Our deep commitment to clean, cruelty free beauty at an incredible value has fueled the success of our flagship brand e.l.f. Cosmetics since 2004 and driven our portfolio expansion. Today, our multi-brand portfolio includes e.l.f. Cosmetics, e.l.f. SKIN, pioneering clean beauty brand Well People, Keys Soulcare, a groundbreaking lifestyle beauty brand created with Alicia Keys and Naturium, high-performance, biocompatible, clinically-effective and accessible skincare. We have annual revenues of +AH4$500 million and our business performance has been nothing short of extraordinary with 19 consecutive quarters of net sales growth as we have grown to #4 mass cosmetics brand in the US and are the fastest growing brand among the top 5. Our total compensation philosophy offers every new hire competitive pay and benefits, bonus eligibility (200% of target over the last four fiscal years), equity given to every full-time employee as a part of their new hire package, flexible time off, year-round half-day Fridays, and a hybrid 3 day in office, 2 day at home work environment. We believe the combination of our unique culture, total compensation, workplace flexibility and care for the team is unmatched across not just beauty but any industry.Position SummaryThe Intern, Social Media Insights & Analytics is responsible for identifying, analyzing, and reporting on social media trends and community conversation. This individual will work closely with the Manager, Consumer Insights, and the Community Management team to surface insights to drive action.Responsibilities:Identify emerging beauty trends surfacing on social media and synthesize communication to internal working teams.Lead use of social listening tool to identify market and consumer trends, including e.l.f. brands and competitive brand insights.Create standardized reporting of social listening insights for internal working teams.Requirements:Currently pursuing a degree in Business Analytics, Market Research, and/or a field with a quantitative emphasisPassionate about Beauty and DataProficient in Excel and PowerPointStrong written and oral communication skillsProven track record of taking ownership and driving outcomes in a fast-paced environmentExcellent time management and organizational skills, deadline-drivenDesire to discover new things and ability to learn quicklyComfortable working in a collaborative mannerThis job description is intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed in this position. It also reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job identified, and shall not be considered, as detailed description of all the work required inherent in the job. It is not an exhaustive list of responsibilities, and it is subject to changes and exceptions at the supervisors+IBk discretion.  e.l.f. Beauty respects your privacy. Please see our Job Applicant Privacy Notice (www.elfbeauty.com/us-job-applicant-privacy-notice) for how your personal information is used and shared.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Sundae School||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Sundae School Marketing Intern (NYC based)||aekjfo;i||Sundae School NY team is looking for an intern who will aid the Marketing team in social media, community engagement, and copywriting for all marketing channels, along with other marketing miscellaneous tasks. This person is interested/curious in Asian-American culture, and has previous experience in email marketing, content deck creation, and PR . We're looking for an individual who strives for excellence within a fast-paced Fashion and Cannabis environment.In this role, you will leverage your skills to assist the Community and Marketing Manager. We+IBk-re looking for someone with a strong initiative and a "how can I help" mentality, and the willingness to support the team where needed. The primary day-to-day tasks will be assisting the Influencer/Community and Marketing Managers in social media management, PR outreach, and copywriting. This is a Part-Time position at our NY office in LES.This is a Part-Time position at our NY office/LES.Starting Rate: $20/hrKey Deliverables And Responsibilities:Social Media Management: Assist the Community and Marketing Manager on maintaining social engagement and planning.Copywriting: Assist Marketing Manager with email marketing campaigns as well as Community Manager on copy for activationsGifting: Assist Community Manager on influencer outreach and managing emails/DMs. Will additionally help on keeping track of gifting.Activation: Assist Community Manager at onsite activationsWhat You+IBk-ll Bring:Passion for social media and a deep understanding of Instagram & TikTok memes and pop culture momentsExperience in creating social media planningExperience in content deck creationThorough knowledge of the PR gifting pipelineExperience in ShopifyAbility to work on multiple projects at oncePer state law, you must be at least 21 years of ageMust be fluent in written and spoken English (Reading, Writing, & Speaking)RequirementsWould Love to Have:Ability to match and copywrite in our company toneExperience in Social Media ManagementExperience in Email MarketingExperience in Customer Service (online and offline)Experience in ShopifyAbility to lift 20 lbs or heavierRequirements:0-1 yr experience||aekjfo;i||New York County, NY
S+AOk-zane||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Internship - Influencer Marketing Project Assistant (M/F)||aekjfo;i||Ten years ago, I dared to imagine the first French fashion brand to be born online... Les Composantes, which has since become S+AOk-zane. My priorities haven't changed since then: to innovate and to put people, creativity, quality, respect and service at the heart of everything we do.To continue to co-construct the next chapter and beyond, we are looking for creative, organized and agile talents, who share our passion to perpetually improve all that can be.S+AOk-zane is a playground which resembles no other, your job today won't be the same as yesterday, and probably nothing like tomorrow. If that appeals to you, we can't wait to hear from you!We are seeking the talents of an Influencer Marketing Project Assistant (M/F) to contribute to the next chapter of S+AOk-zane's journey in the United States. The position is based in New York City (not remote).Within the PR & Influence team at S+AOk-zane, you will work in a young, dynamic and constantly evolving brand. You will report to the Influencer Manager, in charge of paid Influencer partnerships for the United States and Canadian markets.Your Missions Will Be The FollowingCoordination and daily monitoring of influencer campaigns for the north american market managing product shipments, content briefs, monitoring of publications, affiliate link creation, invoicing, proof reading contracts, etc.;Monthly reporting: deep dive into the collaboration: analysis of KPIs, content, support in monthly +- quarterly strategy;Event support from the PR/Influence team and meetings in our S+AOk-zane stores with influencers;Sourcing of new emerging profiles on various social platformsRequirementsYou are an undergraduate in your final year of your BA at University with ideally a focus on Business, Marketing or CommunicationsYou have already completed at least one successful internship in a PR or communications agency or in house within the public relations or influence team, and you are familiar with the Influencer Marketing spaceYou are familiar and share the S+AOk-zane culture and valuesYou have excellent interpersonal skills. You are rigorous, curious and proactiveYou master Excel and PowerPointFrench speaking is a plusIf this role and S+AOk-zane speaks to you, apply now!||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
EssilorLuxottica||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Eye Care Marketing and Communications Summer 2024 Intern||201480.0||$23.00/hr - $31.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
HDR||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern, Civic||157680.0||$18.00/hr - $24.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Embrace Management||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Junior Marketing Trainee||aekjfo;i||We need a Marketing Trainee to join their team on a full-time basis. The primary responsibilities of this role include leading the division, managing and supervising all aspects of an Outreach Program, and the client relationship, as well as growing the agency with new business. The successful candidate will demonstrate expertise in communications, and the ability to think one step ahead of clients to exceed needs.Responsibilities: Manage the execution of marketing programs as well as assume direct responsibility for the quality of workProvide strategic counsel to clients and account teamAnticipate clients' strategic needs, both long and short termPlan and run strategic client meetingsConsistently offer value and add counselFunction as the main contact for client accounts OR communicate with clients at the senior level to build and maintain relationshipsRetain and develop current accounts to increase revenueSupervise account staff in their daily activities, provide structure and instruction for balancing their workloadsMotivate, mentor, and guide the professional development of staffAssume fiscal responsibility for division, accounts, and teamActively participate and guide the operations and future course of division and agencyQualifications: Prior agency experience is a mustBA/BS Degree in Marketing, Communications, or related fieldDetail-oriented and results-orientedExcellent interpersonal and communication skillsPowered by JazzHRCMZepir1P9||aekjfo;i||Yonkers, NY
Get It Recruit - Marketing||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Intern - Remote | WFH||aekjfo;i||About UsAt our company, we're passionate about the transformative impact of youth sports both on and off the field. We believe in fostering leadership, teamwork, responsibility, and confidence, imparting vital life lessons that pave the way for a promising future. Recognizing the indispensable role of coaches, parents, and volunteers in organized youth sports, we've dedicated ourselves to creating the premier destination for capturing and cherishing these crucial moments within our community.If you're someone who shares our love for sports, community building, or has a knack for crafting innovative products, our company is the team you've been searching for. As a dynamic tech company based in New York City, we are tackling the significant challenges faced by youth sports today, and we're doing it remotely first!The RoleEmbark on an exciting journey with us! Join us for a 2024 internship where you can make a real impact and cultivate skills that will shape your professional path.What You'll Be Involved InLeverage your passion for baseball statistics to create engaging content that resonates with fans.Collaborate with our data team to infuse statistical insights into compelling social media posts.Develop creative and captivating content tailored for various social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, and TikTok.Play a part in producing content for key events like the MLB Draft and MLB Combine.Benefit from mentorship provided by experienced teammates to guide you throughout your internship.Learn how to contribute to a data-driven impact model.Who You AreA fervent sports enthusiast well-versed in baseball statistics.A social media maestro with experience in crafting content for various platforms, including but not limited to Instagram, [Other Platforms], Facebook, and TikTok.Enthusiastic about staying current with social media trends and eager to explore new creative avenues.Currently pursuing a Bachelors degree or an MBA in communications, marketing, tech, sports industry, or a related field.Organized, curious, and proactive team player with a results-oriented mindset.A great communicator who is passionate about leveraging technology to enhance peoples lives.What You'll Gain10 weeks of hands-on experience with a community-centric team working on an app used by millions.Competitive compensation of $28 per hour for your valuable contributions.Practical, real-world learning opportunities.Remote work with the option to work in our NYC office.Access to industry connections through networking with our employees.MacBook provided for the duration of the internship.Join us in building something meaningful as part of our innovative team. We are an equal opportunity employer that values diversity and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Please note: Due to certain guidelines in place, we regret to inform you that we are unable to hire individuals in AK, DE, HI, IA, LA, MS, MT, OK, and SC.Employment Type: Full-TimeSalary: $ 28.00 Per Hour||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
The Wyanoke Group||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||SOCIAL MEDIA INTERN-SUMMER 2024||aekjfo;i||Job Summary: The Healio News Social Media Intern will assist the Social Media Specialist in the development and execution of the Healio News social media strategy in the Healio News tone and voice. The intern will assist the specialist in tracking and reacting to social media analytics; identifying and connecting with key opinion leaders in core specialties; creating specific daily posts; liaising with marketing and design; and creating a social media content planner. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Communicate to the HCP audience through social media platforms including posting content to spark interest and readership of Healio content. Track and react to social media analytics. Monitor social feeds for mentions, reactions and shares. Minimum Qualifications: Student in English, Journalism or Communications Team player Ability to multi-task, be deadline oriented, and possess excellent communication skills Some social media experience is preferred Physical Demands & Working Conditions: Able to use the computer for long periods of time (while seated or standing) Able to use the phone Salary for this position is $15.13 per hour. Internship is 10 hours per week.||aekjfo;i||Pompton Lakes, NJ
Conair LLC||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern, HBA Brushes||aekjfo;i||DescriptionPosition at Conair LLCPosition Summary:The Conair Summer Internship Program is designed to provide exceptional with a unique opportunity to learn firsthand about the diverse business operations at Conair. Those selected will gain invaluable work experience through challenging project assignments and on the job learning experiences.As a Marketing Intern with HBA (Hair Beauty Accessories) specializing in the hairbrush category, you'll have the opportunity to: Facilitate organizational efficiency by assisting in the management of product and development materials. Collaborate with the sampling department, playing a crucial role in submitting requests and coordinating samples for various projects. Gain hands-on experience in packaging as you work closely with our creative department to contribute to content development. Thoroughly review marketing spec details to ensure accuracy and effectiveness. Contribute to impactful customer presentations by assisting with PowerPoint presentations. Engage in research and development activities to stay informed about industry trends and innovation. Attend account meetings and presentations to gain insight into the behind-the-scenes workings of our team and the development of strategic initiatives. Undertake a business project focused on researching and identifying TikTok trends and influencers within our product categories. Your findings and proposals will be presented to the larger team, contributing valuable insights for future strategies.To be eligible for this exciting internship opportunity, we're seeking candidates who meet the following criteria: You should be a current college student, entering your junior or senior year in the fall of 2024. The internship program kicks off in early June and spans a rewarding 10-week period. We require candidates to maintain excellent academic standing. Demonstrated strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are essential for success in this role. Proficiency in MS Office, including Excel and PowerPoint, is a must. As part of our hybrid work model, interns are expected to be present in the office three days a week. Please note that Conair does not provide housing for summer interns. Compensation for all internship positions is set at $20 per hour, and the internship is based out of our Stamford, CT location.About Conair:Conair is a leading international designer, manufacturer, and marketer of branded personal care and small kitchen appliances, cookware, hairbrushes & accessories, cosmetic bags, and travel accessories.Conair has always been driven by a passion for innovation; it+IBk-s part of the Company+IBk-s DNA. Trendsetting products have been invented by Conair since its inception in 1959, keeping the Company always a step ahead of the competition. The company's domestic and international divisions offer a diversified mix of consumer and professional products sold in over 120 countries. The Family of Conair brands includes CONAIR, Cuisinart, Cuisinart Outdoors, BaBylissPro, Sc+APw-nci , TRAVELSMART by CONAIR, and Waring.Conair+IBk-s passion for innovation gets stronger with each decade, as evidenced by the over 1,000 patents the Company has obtained worldwide. Today, Conair and its brands are names known throughout the world. Conair continues to introduce its brands to new and emerging markets, year after year. By the 1990s, most households in America owned at least one Conair product. Today many have more than one, and the Company+IBk-s goal is to ensure that every household in the world eventually owns one of our products.We inspire our customers with innovative quality products and brands that enhance their lives.||aekjfo;i||Stamford, CT
Herm+AOg-s||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing & Trade Operations Intern - Generation H (Summer)||aekjfo;i||The Team:The division Art De La Table handles products from Herm+AOg-s Home & Tableware, Saint Louis Cristal and Puiforcat silverware, a fast-growing activity within Herm+AOg-s. The intern will be supporting both commercial and marketing operations for the United States and Canada.The intern is part of a team of 9, including 2 sales reps based in New Jersey and California. The intern will interact with Herm+AOg-s boutiques, wholesale accounts, logistics and communication departments, as well as head-office in France.The Internship Program:For more than 185 years, Herm+AOg-s has encouraged a culture of discovery for our clients and our people. We invite you to contribute to this legacy while exploring your own professional future. Discover new opportunities and expand your passions with the Herm+AOg-s US internship program, Generation H!As part of Generation H, you will have the opportunity to join Herm+AOg-s and gain real-world, professional experience as a complement to your academic studies. In addition to the work you will provide within your specific team, you will also attend a learning-focused guest-speaker series that will provide you with exposure to various teams throughout the company; partner with a mentor who will provide feedback and coaching to support your professional skills development; network with stakeholders; and collaborate on a capstone Generation H project.The internship is scheduled for August 21 - December 22, 2023 and may be Full-Time or Part-Time to accommodate your academic schedule.All internships are in-person (non-remote) and based in the Herm+AOg-s US corporate headquarters located at 55 East 59th Street in New York City. Interns are paid an hourly rate of US $15.00. A Full-Time Internship will be scheduled for 37.5 hours per week, and Part-Time will be scheduled for more than 15 hours but less than 35 hours per week.About the Role:Your role will consist in support the Home division in their sales and marketing actions for the 3 brands (based in Madison Ave. showroom)     Participating to the daily operations, including:General organization of the showroomCoordinating all the loans to press, stores and events Supporting the sales development and marketing activation on the US marketCreating, developing, and distributing sales tools Insuring a consistent display in our stores and realization of products assortment proposals +IBM in relation with the accounts managersSupporting digital development of the 3 brandsMaking business analysisProviding regular reporting on sales, products ranking, inventory analysis.Participating to merchandise forecastCoordinating special projectsTrade shows: Tabletops, ICFF, etc.Assisting in events organizationAbout You: Level: Undergraduate student, a former experience of 3 to 6 months is recommendedOrganized with strong analytical skillsDynamic, ability to work effectively with others and with the right amount of autonomyExcellent communication, written and oralStrong computer skills: Excel, PowerPoint.French is a plus but not a requirementSensitive to Design/Home Decoration and to Luxury marketCompany Overview:Since 1837, Herm+AOg-s has remained faithful to its artisan business model and humanist values. We place people at the heart of what we do and aspire to make a positive impact on the world. The freedom to create, the constant search for beautiful materials, the transmission of a savoir-faire of excellence and the aesthetic of functionality define the singularity of Herm+AOg-s, a house dedicated to making highly-crafted, beautiful objects made to stand the test of time.An independent, family-owned company, Herm+AOg-s is dedicated to keeping production in France through its 42 workshops, The Herm+AOg-s organization is also a truly global community with a network of 310 stores in 49 countries. Herm+AOg-s employs more than 15,000 people worldwide with over 6,000 of the workforce being Herm+AOg-s craftspeople engaged in making artisanal products, nurturing a 180+- year tradition of creativity and innovation.At Herm+AOg-s, our actions for sustainable development and corporate social responsibility are founded in values passed down by generations of humble artisans who have shaped the story of our house and the integrity of our objects. The roots of Herm+AOg-s+IBk success and longevity lie in a sense of responsibility; a quest for authenticity and respect for time and preservation of natural resources. All at Herm+AOg-s wish to leave a positive footprint on the world, a mission that+IBk-s at the heart of our commitment to progress. This narrative can be experienced in a series of shorts films +IBw-Footsteps Across the World+IB0 available on our website. Link here.Our Commitment:Family is at the heart of Herm+AOg-s. At Herm+AOg-s of Paris, we are committed to being a Maison for All, a home where we make efforts to generate, support and advance the values of diversity, inclusion and family both within our own walls and in the wider world. At Herm+AOg-s of Paris we look to create a diverse workforce of talented and unique individuals with different backgrounds, skillsets and worldviews that will enrich our Herm+AOg-s of Paris family. We support our individual team members personal and professional success through a culture that values equality, individuality and fairness and through an environment where individuals can thrive and feel comfortable being their authentic selves. Beyond the walls of our Maison, we advance our DIF values through the work that we do in partnership with our community and non-profit partners.At Herm+AOg-s of Paris, we are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. It is the policy of Herm+AOg-s of Paris, Inc. that applicants for employment are recruited, selected and hired on the basis of individual merit and ability with respect to positions being filled and potential for promotion or transfer which may be expected to develop. Applicants are recruited, selected and hired without discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, citizenship, military or veteran status or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. In addition, personnel procedures and practices with regard to training, promotion, transfer, compensation, demotion, lay off or termination are to be administered with due regard to job performance, experience and qualifications, but without discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, genetic information, sexual orientation, citizenship, military or veteran status or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Herm+AOg-s of Paris, Inc. also provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities, in accordance with applicable laws.||aekjfo;i||Manhattan, NY
Luxottica||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Eye Care Marketing and Communications Summer 2024 Intern||201480.0||$23.00/hr - $31.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Watts Water Technologies||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Summer Intern||157680.0||$18.00/hr - $22.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Blauvelt, NY
Beam Living||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Intern||aekjfo;i||Position: Intern, MarketingFLSA Status: Non-Exempt/HourlyWork Location: New York, NY Worksite Status: Hybrid (Position requires being on-site a minimum of three days per week)Beam Living is a vertically integrated Real Estate management company that creates, manages, and supports communities throughout New York City.We are focused on being both a great place to work and to live. We are part of a very competitive NYC residential real estate market and need a very talented team to deliver on our promises to residents and to communicate to the world why they should live in our communities.Beam Living+IBk-s Internship Program is a 10-week immersive program where you will not only learn and grow in your respective field, but also have the opportunity to be mentored by one of our awesome teammates and participate in a weekly leadership development seminar.The program will begin on Monday, June 3, 2024, and end on Friday, August 9, 2024.If you are interested in broadening your knowledge while helping to build and create as we take care of our residents today and reshape communities to attract the resident of the future, then maybe you should join us!Only read further if you are: KindThoughtfulHonestCommitted to leaving people and places better than you found themSomeone who cares about building a great place for people to work, live & grow.You should be: A rising College Senior currently completing a degree in the Marketing field or a related field to the internship position.A passionate person who believes that helping others win is a noble cause and that compassion and understanding are the only course of action.A creator who enjoys the challenge of solving complex problems.A numbers person who enjoys mining and analyzing data to tell a story and find solutions where needed.An executor who is passionately committed to excellence and will relentlessly pursue the team+IBk-s goals.A creative who believes that if we do something we should do it better than anyone.Flexible. Things change.What you will do:Update daily marketing/leasing report.Attend marketing meetings to learn more about marketing analytics, google analytics, and reporting metrics.Analyze marketing data from websites, listings, newsletters, social media, and advertising and present findings as a narrative.Create goals for all marketing content/efforts based on analytics, from suggesting blog topics, and social media trends, to pinpointing weak spots of formatting/content/etc.Assist with merchandise ordering/organizing/distribution.Shop the competition for information on content, websites, advertising, social media, online reviews, tours and email interactions and timing of responses.Edit or add content to community websites via Umbraco.Participate in a weekly leadership development program designed to develop talent by elevating the next generation of leaders through education, collaboration, and exposure to how each element of the organization functions.Meet with an assigned mentor bi-weekly to discuss job performance and future career goals. Give a final presentation at the end of the program to convey what you learned.Other marketing-related tasks as needed.What you should have:The ability to connect with others to keep the team aligned and focused.An analytical ability to collect and use information to solve complex problems. The technical experience to be able to learn new software and programs quickly and appropriately.The willingness to learn new things and expand your skill set.A positive attitude.A creative mind that allows you to see outside of the box and come up with innovative solutions and ideas.A love for solving problems.A desire to grow and take on ever increasing responsibility.What we offer: We know that if we take care of our team, everything else will fall into place. We aren+IBk-t perfect, but we will try to set very clear expectations, always let you know where you stand, and do everything in our power to help you get where you want to go.Base Salary: $20.00 Per HourYou will have the ability to receive college credit upon successful completion of program.Treating people with kindness and respect will always be at the core of what we do. If you care about what you do and how it impacts others, then maybe you should be part of our team.A few of the people you will work with: Yulia YutsisKyle HockingTamara LakicNasir ThompsonAJ SharmaDavide BianchiCity Life Just Got HappierBeam Living believes that diversity, equity, and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a company. However, it is not enough to just BE diverse, diversity must be embraced! We want you to feel comfortable bringing your best self to work, which is why Beam Celebrates how diversity contributes to a welcoming inclusive environment where everyone belongs. To further our commitment to fostering an environment that welcomes and embraces diversity, all employment decisions at Beam Living are based on individual qualifications, business needs and job requirements without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran or any other status protected by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ripple||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Content Marketing Intern (Summer 2024)||221190.0||$25.25/hr - $27.75/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Alchemy Worx||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||B2B Marketing Intern (Paid Position)||aekjfo;i||About Alchemy Worx:Alchemy Worx is an audience management agency specializing in email marketing, SMS marketing, and paid social. The agency offers businesses advanced marketing services, utilizing time-tested methods, and procedures to secure a higher rate of customer retention and acquisition.Role:The B2B Marketing Internship role is responsible for helping in the new client pipeline and the smooth onboarding of new clients by assisting marketing and sales with outreach and development of marketing and sales collateral. The role will give you insight into growing relationships from prospects to loyal customers. This role will be responsible for providing accurate and timely reporting. The B2B Marketing Intern will need to be able to work cross functionally with different teams within Alchemy Worx and be able to adapt to help those teams throughout the onboarding process.The role requires the ability to quickly identify prospect and client pain-points and be able to work with others on finding solutions, while turning those learnings into collateral that can be used to tighten the sales cycle and gain more prospects. Within the role there will be the need for analytical skills to create reports as needed.We are looking for a tech savvy person who is ambitious and an aggressive self-starter. The ideal candidate should have the ability to manage data analytics, run reports, and excel in a client-facing role. The successful candidate will manage the satisfaction of early-onboarding client accounts, help the business development lead in bringing in new accounts, and create marketing materials to support lead generation.This is an onsite part-time role at an expected +AH4-30 hours per week.What You'll Do:Perform data analyses of prospects+IBk current email and SMS programsAssist in the development of the lead pipeline, including prospecting emails, marketing collateral, and social media marketing.Perform data analyses of email marketing and SMS data to extract actionable insights to help drive customer and internal decisionsIdentify pain-points for new clients and work with the account team to strategize solutionsCommunicate data-driven insights and recommendations to client and for internal useDevelop thorough understanding of email user data flow and recommend best practices to streamline data flow, processes, and related standardsWork closely with cross-functional teams of account managers, designers, client service managers, and others across the company who are passionate about the company+IBk-s successDevelop and maintain internal and external controls to store and retrieve client data, reports, marketing material, and other dataWork with the Marketing Strategist to create the best marketing program for new clientsAssist with quarterly and annual business reviewsCritique advertisers on their CRM processes to enhance overall program efficienciesOversee project quality control and navigating client approvals throughout the projectRequirements:NYC BasedExcellent knowledge of Excel, Word, & PowerPointStrong analytical skills and experience with analytics and reporting tools for all channelsCandidate must demonstrate ability to thrive in a semi-structured environmentShould demonstrate a passion for marketing and technologyExceptional communication and presentation skills (oral and written)Strong work ethic, skilled at prioritizing and managing time; Comfortable with tight deadlines; organized, efficient, detail-oriented and able to multitaskMust be an excellent team player; possess the ability to work well independently, think creatively, solve problems, and take initiativeProfessional demeanor and ability to foster client relationships and earn role as a trusted advisorStrong problem solving skills and ability to easily adapt to changeBonus Skills:Previous experience in email marketingPreferred Skills/Experience:1+- years of email Marketing or 1+- years of Online retail marketing experience through internshipProcess improvement experience; Management and communication with globally dispersed teamsKnowledge of Email Service Provider Platforms or email campaign buildingProject Management ExperienceBenefits:Base pay is +AH4$20 per hour (to be based on skills and experience)||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Flamingo||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Brand Communications Intern||aekjfo;i||About FlamingoWith well-designed products and honest conversations at its core, Flamingo launched in 2018 with a suite of products for body hair. Since then, we have expanded our assortment to be the first brand that offers products for every routine: razors, wax strips for face and body, shave gel, body lotion, mons mist, ingrown spot treatment, and tweezers. In February 2019, Flamingo launched at Target stores nationwide, immediately jumping to the top of the bestseller list for razors, wax strips, and shave gel. Our products and campaigns have been covered by outlets like Vogue, Vanity Fair, Elle, and InStyle, and we've won major beauty accolades like Allure's Best in Beauty, Self's Healthy Beauty Awards, and Women's Health Beauty Awards. In 2023, we launched our first brand podcast, Unruly, which explores the quiet ways women's bodies are regulated every day. About The RoleAs a Summer Brand Communications intern for the Flamingo brand, you will be a part of the core team responsible for leading the development of breakthrough narratives and brand communications campaigns that help introduce Flamingo to the world and create a deep relationship with the consumer. The role will be a unique learning experience: you will learn how a brand tells its story through social, content, and influencer strategies and aid in its execution. The Brand Communications intern will play an important part by assisting our team with our 2024 strategy, which will include organic social and content support, day-to-day management of influencer and gifting partners, storytelling ideation, PR requests, and initiatives, brand partnerships, event execution, offline activations and end-to-end execution of brand marketing campaigns. During your time on the team, you will learn how to develop standout communications campaigns from start to finish by leveraging social media, influencers, traditional PR, and brand partnerships.We're looking for someone who values a hands-on learning experience and is the ultimate team player. You'll love this role if you want to learn more about building best-in-class brands through strategic marketing campaigns and navigating an ever-changing media landscape in a resource-rich environment. In this role, you will help to find, acquire, develop, manage, and launch content that will increase brand awareness and engagement.What you can expect from our summer internship program:Learn about Harry's history and culture through our Summer Intern onboarding experience. Socialize and build your network through regular check-ins, lunches, and events with fellow interns. Develop relationships with and secure guidance from mentors from your immediate team and from one of our seven Employee Resource Groups. Participate in regular Q&As with Harry's, Inc. leadership. Highlight projects you observed and contributed to in an End of Summer Wrap-Up with your fellow interns, in a fun and engaging forum. What you will observe, learn about, and assist our teams to accomplish:Support day-to-day content, influencer, and social activitiesCreate and execute a succinct brand awareness campaign through influencer, social, or content marketingIdeate, manage, and produce content to drive business outcomesAssist with the execution of 2024 content marketing campaigns and learn to create influencer marketing briefsAssist with executing Flamingo's summer influencer marketing campaigns, including identifying partners, approving content, and additional administrative tasksParticipate in internal meetings by providing updates on assigned projects/tasks and actively participate in brainstorming sessions by sharing new ideas for campaigns, product launches, etc. Assist the team with creating monthly reports and campaign recapsYou should apply if some or all of the following apply to you:You're a rising Junior, Senior, or recent grad studying Public Relations, Marketing, Communications, Media, English, Creative Writing or similar. You are a natural communicator with strong writing skills; you can sell people into a vision and bring them along on your thought process and strategy. You love creating, whether shooting a TikTok video or writing a poem. You are creative and brimming with your own ideas. You are very organized; to-do lists are your jam! You're known for being detail-oriented and getting things done in a timely manner. You have your finger on the pulse of trends; you know what's relevant, what's new, and what's coming up. You are resourceful, take initiative, and are comfortable in a fast-paced environment. Working under tight deadlines and adapting to change comes naturally to you. You are comfortable receiving and providing feedback! You can address questions, concerns, and critiques in a clear, confident way and pivot quickly based on feedback. You actively seek opportunities for learning and growth outside traditional education. Here's who you'll work with:You will report to the Content Marketing Manager You will work on the Flamingo Brand Communications team You will work cross-functionally with the Flamingo Social Media Senior Associate, the Head of Brand Communications, the Creative Team, the DTC team, the Brand Management Team, and more! About Harry'sHarry's, Inc. started in 2013 with a specific goal: to disrupt the shaving industry by creating an innovative, everyday product at a fair price. Since then, Harry's has expanded to Canada and Europe, developed relationships with retailers such as Target and Walmart, expanded our grooming brand into a personal care powerhouse, launched two new brands including Flamingo and Cat Person, and made our first brand acquisition with Lum+ARM. The key to our success? Our amazing people. From chemists, mechanical engineers, and CX associates, to creative directors, sourcing managers, and logistics specialists, the Harry's team is composed of some of the most brilliant, diverse, and humble people you'll ever meet. Our brands answer unmet consumer needs, but our company is a place of inclusion and innovation that attracts some of the brightest minds across industries, geographies, and backgrounds. Whether we have a team of 5 or 500, our core values and our startup mentality remain; we value continuous improvement and learning, teamwork and collaboration, creative problem-solving, and open and direct dialogue and feedback.Harry's is operating as a hybrid-first environment - for us, that means we ask folks to come into our beautiful, 88,000-square-foot SoHo office a minimum of 2 days per week. What will you get out of that? Bagels on Wednesdays and lunch on Thursdays, and fully stocked kitchens with snacks, coffee, and drinks every day. Can't forget the free products and the opportunity to have some meetings without Zoom.Harry's is committed to bringing together individuals from different backgrounds and perspectives. We strive to create an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive, feel a sense of belonging, and do great work together.Harry's is an Equal Opportunity Employer, providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals. We recruit, hire and promote into all job levels the most qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, national origin, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), parental status, age, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, veteran status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, marital, family or partnership status, political affiliation or activities, military service, domestic violence victim status, arrest/conviction record, sexual or reproductive health decisions, caregiver status, credit history immigration status, unemployment status, traits historically associated with race, including but not limited to hair texture and protective hairstyles or any other status protected under applicable federal, state and local laws. Harry's commitment to providing equal employment opportunities extends to all aspects of employment, including job assignment, compensation, discipline and access to benefits and training.We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our company.We can't quantify all of the intangible things we think you'll love about working at Harry's, like the exciting challenges we tackle, the smart and humble team you'll get to work with, and our supportive and inclusive culture. That said, our salaries are based on paying competitively for our size and industry. The base salary for this position is $25/hour.We will be accepting applications until March 1, 2024. We will contact select applicants regarding next steps at that time.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Movado Group, Inc||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Intern - Email Marketing||aekjfo;i||Emma Veleber                    Emma Veleber                      Human Resources Coordinator at Movado Group, Inc.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
aekjfo;i||aekjfco;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i
Gregorys Coffee||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||60000.0||$60,000.00/yr - $80,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Shopbop||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Associate, Marketing, Shopbop||48300.0||$48,300.00/yr - $116,300.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
West Elm||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Assistant Manager, Email Marketing - West Elm||60000.0||$60,000.00/yr - $75,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
J.McLaughlin||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Manager||aekjfo;i||Why J.McLaughlin?J.McLaughlin was founded in 1977 by brothers Kevin and Jay McLaughlin with a mission to create an American Sportswear brand that offered two key components: classic clothing with current relevance and a retail environment that has a neighborhood feel. The J.McLaughlin brand has always been more about style than fashion: straightforward, unpretentious, and devoid of the superfluous. Our clothing is rooted in the tradition of sport, work, and play. With over 150 retail locations, each store is entirely unique, attentively designed to reflect the town's color, character, and architecture. This attention to detail extends to exemplary customer service and local philanthropic engagement.Our +IBw-Culture of Kindness+IB0 creates an environment with respect, politeness, consideration, and empathy that creates a family like atmosphere and focuses on giving back to the community. The company has an entrepreneurial spirit which fosters great experience and career opportunities, complemented with our great incentive benefits programs.OverviewJ.McLaughlin is a specialty American Sportswear and Accessories brand headquartered in New York. J.McLaughlin has a reputation for being +IBw-local and loyal+IB0, building meaningful relationships within each community and providing customers with highly personalized service. We are a growing company with a focus on our culture of kindness, cultivating an exceptional atmosphere in which to work and shop.As the manager of Email/SMS content and performance strategy, you will play a pivotal role in developing and executing effective campaigns to engage and captivate our audience. This person will create customer centric and data driven campaigns through a rigorous test and learn approach, with the overarching goal of delivering personalized content that will nurture the customer at each phase of their journey; discovery, engagement, consideration, conversion and retention. This individual will dig into trends, as well as the competitive landscape, to inform and identify areas for opportunity and growth, ensuring alignment with our prospective demographic and brand persona.About The RoleEssential Functions:Content Strategy Development:Develop a comprehensive email/SMS content strategy aligned with overall marketing objectives and brand positioning.Collaborate with teams across the organization to ensure content aligns with product launches, seasonal campaigns, and promotional activities.Segmentation and Targeting:Utilize customer data and segmentation strategies to tailor content for specific audience segments.Implement personalized and relevant messaging to enhance customer experience and drive conversion.Creative Direction:Provide creative briefs to in-house design teams or external agencies for visually appealing and cohesive email/SMS campaigns.Ensure that the creative elements align with brand guidelines and resonate with the upscale positioning of the company.Copywriting Excellence:Provide copy direction to in-house copywriter for compelling and persuasive email/SMS copy that reflects the brand voice, speaks to the needs of the target audience and the value proposition of the product.A/B test copy variations to optimize messaging for different customer segments.Performance Analysis:Monitor and analyze key performance indicators (KPIs) generated from email/SMS campaigns.Use insights to refine and optimize future email/SMS content strategies.Automation and Personalization:Implement marketing automation workflows to deliver timely and relevant content based on customer behavior and preferences.Use social platform data and in-house CRM to build audiences as needed to support further growth is personalizationCollaboration and Communication:Work closely with other marketing teams, merchandising, e-commerce and store teams to ensure seamless integration of email/SMS campaigns across various customer touchpointsCommunicate effectively with stakeholders to align on content calendars and promotional schedules.Synthesize performance for executive leadership, supplementing data with a clearly articulated roadmap for immediate and future growth, along with a narrative around emerging trends and the competitive landscapeQualificationsMinimum 5+- years of hands-on experience with ESPs, marketing platforms, and marketing automation tools required. Ability to apply analysis to influence business decisions to drive performance.Must be highly collaborative and work well with individuals at various levels across departments.Comfortable managing multiple projects in a fast paced and high growth environment.Strategic and analytical thinker who is comfortable and can flex thinking in short-term and long-term goals.Strong communication skills.Exceptional attention to detail and highly organized.Equal OpportunityJ.McLaughlin is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.||aekjfo;i||Brooklyn, NY
Gala Foods Supermarkets||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||46800.0||$46,800.00/yr - $57,200.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Nassau County, NY
STV||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Junior Marketing Coordinator||51384.0||$51,384.00/yr - $68,512.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Lease & LaBau, Inc.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||aekjfo;i||Marketing Coordinator Description & RequirementsPosition Specialty: Business DevelopmentPosition Location: New York, New YorkPosition DescriptionA global law firm is seeking a Marketing Coordinator to join the firm+IBk-s New York office and work closely with Partners to oversee the development and execution of business development plans and initiatives. The Marketing Coordinator will be responsible for devising pitch strategies and responses to RFPs in addition to providing research on current or prospective clients. Additionally, the individual in this role will plan, coordinate, and execute events, seminars, webinars, and conferences, including preparing materials, organizing promotional items, and handling attendee registration. The Marketing Coordinator will also maintain marketing content for a variety of practice groups and help coordinate PR efforts.Required SkillsThe firm is seeking a qualified individual with a bachelor+IBk-s degree and 1-2 years of marketing experience in a professional services environment, preferably in a law firm. The Marketing Coordinator must possess strong communication skills, with the ability to influence and advise partners on direction with strong execution and follow through. Excellent project management and interpersonal skills, ability to work well under pressure, and ability to interact with all levels of the organization is required. Additionally, advanced knowledge of PowerPoint and Excel is preferred.Annual Salary (US$): 85,000-100,000 /annualRequired Education: Bachelors||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Metropolitan Transportation Authority||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Manager Email Marketing||81300.0||$81,300.00/yr - $98,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ralph Lauren||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Associate, Performance||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $85,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
HDR||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||250273.2||$28.57/hr - $40.81/hr||aekjfo;i||Woodcliff Lake, NJ
H&H||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $90,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Brighty Careers||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator (Remote)||aekjfo;i||The RoleBrighty Agency is looking for an enthusiastic Marketing Coordinator to join our growing team. We are one of the fastest growing agencies in North America and the world. We offer recruitment solutions for the digital age to more than 100 companies worldwide. We have fresh plans and big goals, and our people are key to us achieving this success. If you+IBk-re ready to be part of a team and enjoys a challenge as the path to growth and innovation, then +ICY we want you!We are seeking a talented and creative Marketing Coordinator to join our marketing team. As a Marketing Coordinator, you will play a crucial role in developing and executing marketing campaigns, promoting our brand, and driving growth. This position is ideal for individuals with a passion for marketing and a strong ability to execute and analyze marketing initiatives.Please note: this position is a fixed term contract until July 2024.Key Responsibilities: Marketing Campaigns: Develop and execute marketing campaigns across various channels, including digital, social media, email, and traditional media. Content Creation: Create compelling and engaging content, including blog posts, social media posts, email marketing content, and advertising materials. Email Marketing: Plan and execute email marketing campaigns, segmenting audiences, creating content, and tracking campaign success. Market Research: Conduct market research and competitor analysis to identify trends, consumer preferences, and opportunities for improvement. Analytics: Analyze marketing performance data and generate reports to measure the effectiveness of marketing strategies. Use insights to make data-driven decisions. Events and Promotions: Coordinate and support marketing events, promotions, and product launches. Branding: Ensure brand consistency across all marketing materials and platforms. Lead Generation: Generate and nurture leads through various marketing channels. Budget Management: Manage marketing budgets, ensuring that campaigns are cost-effective and within budget. Collaboration: Work closely with cross-functional teams, including sales, design, and product development, to align marketing efforts with company objectives.Ideally you bring the following attributes: Bachelor's degree in marketing, business, communications, or a related field. Relevant certifications are a plus. 0-2 years of experience in marketing, with a focus on digital marketing and content creation. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Creative thinking and an eye for design. Analytical mindset with the ability to interpret data and make data-driven decisions. Strong organizational and project management skills. Adherence to brand guidelines and attention to detail. Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Enthusiasm for staying updated on marketing trends and emerging technologies. Experience with marketing automation platforms is advantageous but not mandatory.What+IBk-s in it for you: Competitive salary and performance-based bonuses. Comprehensive health, dental, and vision insurance. Opportunities for professional development and growth. A collaborative and inclusive work culture. Access to cutting-edge technology and tools. The chance to be part of a pioneering company with ample room for career advancement.How to Apply:If you+IBk-ve read down this far, there+IBk-s a high chance this role is for you! So, what are you waiting for? Submit your application and let+IBk-s begin!Brighty Agency, as a part of Brighty Group, believes that our people are our greatest asset. Our people are chosen for their skill sets, their ethics and professional qualities without any exclusion, preferential treatment or discrimination. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and do not discriminate by reason of age, gender, gender identity, race, sexual orientation, nationality, religion or disability or any other difference. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals and will provide appropriate assistance for candidates who may need other considerations or adjustments throughout the recruitment process upon request.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
GroundTruth||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Manager||90000.0||$90,000.00/yr - $100,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
HDR||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||250273.2||$28.57/hr - $40.81/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Rue Gilt Groupe||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Associate Copywriter, Social Media||50000.0||$50,000.00/yr - $55,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Cella||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Coordinator (Hybrid)||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $24.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Berkeley Heights, NJ
Supportek Staffing||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Specialist||50000.0||$50,000.00/yr - $60,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Edison, NJ
Kira Learning||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Manager & Copywriter||110000.0||$110,000.00/yr - $130,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Leaf Home||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Specialist||aekjfo;i||Meet Leaf Home, the leading provider of technology-driven home solutions that is on a mission to make homeownership easy. With more than 50% of consumers worried about the cost and effort of home maintenance, we focus on delivering remarkable, end-to-end experiences. Trusted by more than 1 million homeowners across the US and Canada, Leaf Home is America+IBk-s largest direct-to-consumer full-service provider of branded home services and products. Leaf Home and its products, including the patented LeafFilter gutter protection system, have earned numerous awards and recognition from Good Housekeeping, Qualified Remodeler, Angi, Consumer Reports, This Old House, and other consumer review platforms.BenefitsPowered by people, Leaf Home's innovative products and services are delivered with convenience, trust, and quality via 200+- regional sales and installation offices along with comprehensive field support offices in New York and Hudson, Ohio. We believe we win together. Leaf Home has been consistently named one of the fastest-growing private companies by Inc 5000 and recognized as a top employer nationally. The benefits of working at Leaf Home are wide-ranging and include:Industry-best compensation packages | Fully paid health, dental, and vision insurance | 401k with company match | Paid Time Off including paid parental leave | Individualized career development programs | On-demand lunch program | Childcare assistance | Free gym membership | Employee assistance programs, including legal, financial planning, and counseling | Employee discount marketplace | Employee Resource Groups such as VetConnect, DEI Committee, Women+IBk-s CommitteeApply today and together we will unlock millions of customers' dream homes and your dream career at Leaf Home.Position Summary: The Email Marketing Specialist supports the execution and scheduling of email and SMS campaigns in our ESP Marketo for our various service verticals. This role will report directly to the Sr. Manager of Lifecycle Marketing and will work closely with creative teams. The Email Marketing Specialist will hard code emails and SMS for both automated sends and bast campaigns. They will also be responsible for building automated flows within our ESP.Essential Duties And ResponsibilitiesResponsible for building, sending, scheduling, and QAing multiple email messages in Marketo. Work closely with designers and copywriters to ensure assets are handed off promptly for coding. Regular analysis of campaign performance and active automated flows. Set up and manage email automation workflows, including welcome emails, nurture campaigns, and other automations and be able to monitor performance and make improvements as needed. Segment email lists based on audience demographics, behaviors, and preferences. Maintain and update email lists to ensure accuracy and compliance with data privacy regulations. Monitor campaign performance and flag any irregularities that may occur. Provide recommendations to help improve overall channel performance. Ability to analyze main email KPIs. Manage campaign UTMs. Identify opportunities to A/B test campaigns with the goal of optimizing engagement and improving set rates. Stay up to date with industry benchmarks and trends and monitor the competitive landscape, incorporating and testing new methods and campaigns. Maintain database hygiene, deliverability rates, and compliance. Performs other duties as assigned by supervisor. Experience And Minimum QualificationsBachelor's degree preferred, or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. 1+- years of HTML experience and coding within email platforms. 1+- years of experience working with an email service provider. Experience with A/B testing. Ability to juggle various work activities and shift their attention from one task to another to meet the demands of different stakeholders without +IBw-dropping the ball.+IB0 Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, high-energy, team-oriented environment and have a +IBw-roll up your sleeves+IB0 and +IBw-win every day+IB0 mentality. Hold oneself accountable and responsible while being self-driven in accomplishing goals. Detail-oriented and can focus on the task at hand by finding the most efficient and effective pathway to completion. Excellent verbal and written communication skills at all levels to communicate with internal and external stakeholders articulately. Ability to logically connect ideas, scrutinize and evaluate arguments, find inconsistencies and errors in work, solve complex problems, and engage in reflection. Ability to provide timely and empathetic service through all communication channels keeping peer and customer needs first. Proficiency using Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, and/or Access). Must be legally authorized to work in the country of employment without sponsorship for employment visa status (e.g., H1B status). Preferred Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Or CertificationsAdobe suite experience (Photoshop, Dreamweaver, etc.). Experience using Wrike, Asana, or other project management platforms. Experience using Marketo. Travel RequirementsLess than 10% domestic travel required. Overtime/Additional Hours RequirementsAdditional hours may be required (exempt positions). Physical RequirementsNormal office environment. Performs indoor work in a climate-controlled environment. Sedentary work. Exerting up to 10 pounds of force occasionally and/or negligible amount of force frequently or constantly to lift, carry, push, pull, or otherwise move objects, including the human body. Sedentary work involves sitting most of the time. Diversity and Inclusion StatementLeaf Home is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create an environment that embraces differences and fosters inclusion. Equal Opportunity StatementLeaf Home will recruit, hire, train, and promote persons in all job titles without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, results of genetic testing, veteran status, or physical/mental disability (except where the disability prevents the individual from being able to perform the essential functions of the job and cannot be reasonably accommodated in full compliance with the law).||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
STV||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Junior Marketing Coordinator||46713.0||$46,713.00/yr - $62,284.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Children's Aid||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||aekjfo;i||Description:Executive Headquarters (117 West 124th St)$60,000 - $65,000Position Summary: Children+IBk-s Aid is looking for a motivated and experienced Marketing Coordinator to join our Marketing and Communications team. As Marketing Coordinator, you will be responsible for managing the day-to-day execution of our internal and external non-digital projects, and ensuring all activities are in line with the Children+IBk-s Aid mission and standards, and key performance indicators are achieved.Essential Duties:Coordinate non-digital project timelines and ensure clients are on task and staff meet deadlines. Develop, implement, and execute strategic non-digital marketing plans for program divisions in order to attract new clients and retain existing ones. Develop and copyedit messaging ensuring consistency with brand voice and tone. Lead and coordinate creative process for non-digital marketing materials and assets, including signage, campaigns, marketing collateral, PowerPoints, communication templates. Make non-digital simple graphic design updates and changes, such as swapping photos or simple graphics. Coordinate offline events, including community engagement events. Coordinate with digital strategy team to ensure campaigns and collateral are in alignment. Conduct market research. Analyze data to evaluate the success of marketing efforts and generate new ideas to improve brand marketing and exposure. Coordinate organization of non-digital assets in collaboration with digital team. In-person collaboration is an essential function of the job. Perform other duties as assigned. Minimum Qualifications:3+- years of experience in marketing communicationsNonprofit experience preferredProject coordination experience necessaryKey Competencies: Understanding of traditional and emerging marketing channelsStrong communication and writing skillsAbility to think creatively and innovativelyComfortable with multi-tasking projects from multiple sources. Basic analytical skills in mediaFamiliarity with the latest trends, technologies, and methodologies in graphic design, production, etc. Excellent teamwork and collaboration skillsBasic media creation software skills preferredIt is the policy of Children's Aid to provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment and not to discriminate on any basis, including race, creed, color, national origin, ethnicity, alienage or citizenship status, gender/sex (including pregnancy), disability, religion, source of income, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, familial status, caregiver status, military status, marital or partnership status, status as a victim of domestic violence, sexual violence or stalking, predisposing genetic characteristics, arrest or conviction record, credit history, unemployment status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.||aekjfo;i||Manhattan, NY
Edelman||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Specialist, Global Marketing||42000.0||$42,000.00/yr - $70,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Jersey City Free Public Library||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Coordinator||52000.0||$52,000.00/yr - $57,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Jersey City, NJ
Influencer||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Sales & Marketing Coordinator||aekjfo;i||ROLE: Sales & Marketing CoordinatorSALARY: $50k - $55kLOCATION: New YorkWho are we?We are the originators of influencer marketing.Influencer is an agency built at the intersection of creativity, data, and technology with a unique +IBg-people power & platform power+IBk approach.From big brand launches to shifting perceptions and from riding fast trends to driving footfall, Influencer builds ideas with impact to deliver outcomes that drive your business forward via an unmatched client experience.Campaigns are underpinned by Influencer+IBk-s game-changing proprietary technologies, which are supercharged by official partnerships and data integrations with the world+IBk-s leading social platforms for real-time and accurate reporting. Influencer is an Official Global Marketing Partner of both TikTok and Meta.We believe the more tangible, scaled outcomes that creators produce drive impact beyond just likes and impressions. Influencer is championing the +IBg-True Human Influence+IBk movement; on a mission for creator campaigns to be judged in the same way as other media activations - underpinned by measurement partners such as ThisThat, Neilsen, and Relative Insight.Founded by OG YouTube creator Caspar Lee & entrepreneur Ben Jeffries, Influencer has been helping brands navigate the ever-evolving influencer marketing landscape since 2015. In that time they have developed valuable knowledge, experience, and technology that have enabled them to deliver thousands of campaigns, for hundreds of brands in markets across the world. Today, Influencer has a team of 120+- of the best talent in the industry, working across Europe, North America, and the Middle East. From Google to Coca-Cola, from Amazon to Microsoft, and from TikTok to Meta - they work with companies, brands, and agencies across every vertical, building meaningful relationships between brands, creators, and their audiencesWhat are we looking for?As the Sales & Marketing Coordinator, you will be working alongside sales, client services and brand marketing, reporting into the Group Director of Client Services. In this exciting role you will play an integral role in assisting with our overall commercial business operations, processes and team functions. This role is vital to our organizational success and growth.Roles & Responsibilities:Support deck building and data collection for weekly and monthly reporting which involves revenue trackingJoins applicable sales and client services meetings and actions any next steps post meetingResponsible for completing and submitting case study templates for all completed campaignsSupport scaling our Creator CRM system Responsible for creating shell of wrap reports (post campaign analysis) upon campaign completion for client services team to work in Responsible for creating kick off decks for specific campaigns once they are sold by the sales team Responsible for creating & maintaining content live link master document Supporting campaign teams on creator contracts and invoicing via our internal systemsResearch client contact information (database provided) to support sale team outreach Support brand marketing efforts with experiential work included restaurant bookings, invite design and RSVP trackingExperience:1+- years of experience in influencer marketing, advertising and/or media assisting sales and/or client services team Experience in working in CRM systems and excel to track revenue and provide reporting against revenue Experience building slides and decks to be used for client presentations. Design capabilities is a plus!Knowledge and willingness to learn about influencer contracting and negotiating with talent Interest in the creative and project management of influencer marketing(some of our) Benefits & Perks:401k Plan (eligible after your first 90 days of employment)Medical, Dental & Vision plans provided Career Framework approach to levelling to ensure our compensation and progression is competitive22 days of Paid Time Off (+- Federal Holidays which can be flexed to your needs)Office first hybrid approach with 3 days in our NY HQ (Flatiron) Yearly tenure celebrationsCompany wide offsites, seasonal celebrations and eventsAt Influencer, we+IBk-re committed to cultivating an environment that promotes diversity, equity and inclusion. We promote DEI in our workplace and are a global community who believe our unique qualities should be celebrated. We want everyone at Influencer to bring their authentic selves to work everyday, irrespective of age, disability (including hidden disabilities), gender, gender identity or gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief, or sexual orientation. Diversity, Equity & Inclusion is embedded into everything we do at Influencer and is a part of our culture. All we ask is that you have a passion for Influencer Marketing and a desire to be a part of one of the fastest growing companies within this exciting industry.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Green Key Resources||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||90000.0||$90,000.00/yr - $100,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Get It Recruit - Marketing||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator - Remote | WFH||55000.0||$55,000.00/yr - $65,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
BEAT THE BOMB||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||CRM Marketing Specialist||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $90,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Brooklyn, NY
Bespoke Careers||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||60000.0||$60,000.00/yr - $75,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Certified Mobile Notary Service||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Specialist / Work From Home||aekjfo;i||At Certified Mobile Notary Service ( certifiedmobilenotaryservice.com) we are now seeking a professional 1099 Administrative Assistants to work from home.You have the ability to earn money using your clerical skills. Work remotely from home assisting our remote mobile notary signing agent department input entries in our database system.ObjectiveYou will need to be able to follow detailed instructions and be hands on assignments independently. You will post job ads, send out emails, not afraid to make outbound recruit calls, and fill out contact business forms daily and other administrative duties.Hours are flexible Part-time and Full-timeWork from home jobs and smaller gigs that allow you to work around your existing schedule. You"ll be working remotely from your home or home office from any location you choose.Pay: (Commissions) $12.00 per recruited agent or business that enrolls into our campaign services.BenefitsWork when you want Earn cash working part-time or full time. Learn new skills that you can take anywhere. No degree required Supplement your existing job. 1099 contractor role.RequirementsInternet, Computer and Unlimited long-distance calling, Computer/Clerical SkillsExcellent gig for Stay at home moms, retired folks, disabled people, and anyone looking to learn how to make income online.We have people from all walks of life and various backgrounds in all industry so please join our team!Job RequirementsMust be 18 years of age or older Must be proficient with basic PC skills Must have an internet connection Basic English written language Basic English spoken language.Please apply today and send your name, email address and phone number to notaryresumes@gmail.com.Certified Mobile Notary ServiceApply with Get.ItTel: 405-568-7539Employment Type: Contractor||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Optimize Partners||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Manager||aekjfo;i||Email Marketing Manager PositionReporting RelationshipsReports to Senior Director E-CommercePosition OverviewOne of the world+IBk-s largest maternity retailers, is looking for someone to manage the execution of their email marketing initiatives that will drive key brand metrics. The Email Marketing Manager will execute digital marketing communications from start to finish and is a key member of our clients+IBk CRM & Digital Marketing team. If you love marketing, data, and thrive in a fast-paced retail environment, we want to talk to you!Responsibilities of Email Marketing Manager:Email MarketingDefine, implement, and execute email marketing strategy to drive business results as measured by ROAS, ROI analysis, and goals Manage email campaign scheduling, setup, and testing Maintain email marketing and partner email calendar to ensure organizational alignment and timely email deployments Oversee SMS marketing efforts, including scheduling, execution, and growth of the program Develop monthly email content calendars to align with retail and promotional calendars Manage outside agencies to devise key strategies to support brand/retail goals, ensure KPI metrics are achieved and promoted according to brand standards Monitor, analyze, and report on performance, providing recommendations and data to brand teams and management Ensure all campaigns are optimized and tested to achieve the best results Provide input around campaign planning based on results of previous campaigns Create channel-specific strategies (brand email, trigger email, SMS, CRM segmentation) Liaise with creative team on strategy and creative asset development for all emails Qualification for Email Marketing Manager:Experience in Shopify & Klaviyo preferred Experience with email/content creation and analytics Extremely detail oriented Ability to adapt to changing deadlines and creative direction Entrepreneurial spirit & true interest in digital marketing Bachelor+IBk-s Degree At least 5 years of experience in email marketing Intermediate level in Microsoft Excel, with proficiency in rest of Microsoft Office Suite Metric driven, logical, creative and curious Strong project management & organizational skills Ready to learn, grow, multi-task, and adapt in a fast-paced environment||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Association of National Advertisers||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Email Marketing Specialist||aekjfo;i||Michele Tomeo                    Michele Tomeo                      Talent Management | Organizational Development | Human Resources | People Operations||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Loeffler Randall||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media & Marketing Coordinator||45000.0||$45,000.00/yr - $65,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Luxury Optical Holdings||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||58000.0||$58,000.00/yr - $68,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Topline Pro||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Director of Email Marketing||110000.0||$110,000.00/yr - $130,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Curinos||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Specialist||85500.0||$85,500.00/yr - $95,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Metropolitan Transportation Authority||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Manager Email Marketing_||81300.0||$81,300.00/yr - $98,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Griffin Global Systems, Inc.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Specialist||82000.0||$82,000.00/yr - $105,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
No7 Beauty Company||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Assistant Manager, Shopper Marketing||77000.0||$77,000.00/yr - $83,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Ralph Lauren||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Brand Marketing Manager, Home||62500.0||$62,500.00/yr - $146,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Jimmy Choo||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Associate Wholesale Marketing Manager||53000.0||$53,000.00/yr - $88,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
UNIQLO||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager||88000.0||$88,000.00/yr - $108,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Revlon||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Assistant Manager, Marketing||75000.0||$75,000.00/yr - $95,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Revlon||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Assistant Manager, Marketing||75000.0||$75,000.00/yr - $90,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ralph Lauren||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Associate, Performance||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $85,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
This Is Voice||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Agent||170820.0||$19.50/hr - $25.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Newark, NJ
NARS Cosmetics||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||NARS, Manager, Brand Marketing (New York)||93480.0||$93,480.00/yr - $140,220.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Cella||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Coordinator (Hybrid)||175200.0||$20.00/hr - $24.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Berkeley Heights, NJ
Gala Foods Supermarkets||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||46800.0||$46,800.00/yr - $57,200.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Nassau County, NY
Dior Construction||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Specialist||55000.0||$55,000.00/yr - $65,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Bergenfield, NJ
Fendi||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Manager, Digital Marketing and Media - Corporate||100000.0||$100,000.00/yr - $105,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Google||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager, Brand Media, Google Cloud||129000.0||$129,000.00/yr - $194,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Venus et Fleur||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Marketing Manager||aekjfo;i||Venus et Fleur is a bespoke rose atelier that intersects the romantic tradition of sending flowers with exceptionally stylish design. We specialize in lush, customizable precision arrangements which are everlasting roses that maintain freshness for over a year. Each personal hand-delivery or shipment from Venus et Fleur arrives opulently encased in a Parisian-inspired keepsake hatbox. The result is an elegant and thoroughly modern presentation that speaks to a highly discerning design aesthetic.  Venus et Fleur is seeking a strategic, innovative, growth-minded Social Media Coordinator to oversee organic social strategy and operations. This individual will be responsible for creating and executing a strategy across all relevant social channels. Key responsibilities include content creation, management of the content calendar, developing 360 plans for evergreen content as well as for launches , activations, and measuring success by analyzing key KPI metrics. This role will work cross-functionally with the brand, marketing, influencer, PR, retail and product teams.The ideal candidate is organized, detail oriented and has the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, results-driven environment.ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Strategically plan and execute Venus et Fleur+IBk-s social campaigns to support business objectives, community growth, product launches and other brand milestones from beginning to end. Create engaging and unique content on a weekly basis for Instagram, TikTok, YouTube,Twitter, Paid Ads, Facebook and other potential channels. Create content that promotes audience interaction, increases audience presence on company sites, and encourages audience participation. Facilitate scaling brand and company awareness through various social media channels, with a strong POV on differentiation and opportunities for growth.Establish a first class multi-channel customer experience +IBM both online and in-store.Use analytical tools such as Dash Hudson to monitor and evaluate social media performance and utilize those learnings to drive strategy.Stay up to date on best practices and emerging trends in social media, and test new ideas to enhance performance and engagement.Drive weekly, monthly, and quarterly analytic reporting processes for social media results and provide insights, recommendations, and track against KPIs to internal team members.On-site content capture, editing and direction at key campaign shoots and brand activations for social deliverables.Maintain a thorough understanding of the brand+IBk-s voice, product,customer, and policies.JOB REQUIREMENTS Must live in NYC area2-4 years of experience in social media strategy and content creation Bachelor+IBk-s degree or higherProficiency in Google Suite and social editing toolsDemonstrated knowledge of social media landscape and platformsExceptional written and verbal communication skillsAbility to build relationships and work cross-collaboratively with internal and external partnersExperience in digital analytics and social media measuring toolsHighly creative and strategic; able to analyze and implement revenue-driving opportunities through strategic marketing while executing impeccable creative for the brand||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Jersey City Free Public Library||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Coordinator||52000.0||$52,000.00/yr - $57,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Jersey City, NJ
Marquee Brands||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Contractor||350400.0||$40.00/hr - $50.00/hr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Lyft||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Growth Marketing Manager||139500.0||$139,500.00/yr - $155,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Tarte Cosmetics||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Senior Manager, Influencer Marketing||110000.0||$110,000.00/yr - $130,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Fluent, Inc||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Executive Assistant (Digital Marketing)||80000.0||$80,000.00/yr - $90,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Tag||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Head of Social Media||167000.0||$167,000.00/yr - $200,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
STV||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Junior Marketing Coordinator||51384.0||$51,384.00/yr - $68,512.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Fud, Inc.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Marketing (SMM) Freelancer||aekjfo;i||We are a growing start-up company looking for a Social Media Marketing (SMM) Freelancer to join our community. As a SMM Freelancer, you will be responsible for a variety of tasks to help our community, including researching, sharing, and mentoring others to succeed as a SMM Freelancer.Join the Fud community to monetize your free time and let it become your next favorite side hustle. Our community encompasses content creators, freelancers, independent workers, gig workers, resellers & thrifters, entrepreneurs, solopreneurs, and small business owners.You can experience our community for yourself by downloading our free to use app.You will join a community focused on side hustles, including:Content Creator +IBQ YouTube, TikTok, or InstagramReselling and Thrifting +IBQ including eBay, Etsy, Mercari, Poshmark, and othersE-Commerce +IBQ including Amazon, Shopify, and your own online storeGig Economy +IBQ like DoorDash, Uber, or LyftFreelancing and Consulting +IBQ social media marketing, graphic design, and moreOnline Business +IBQ including blogging, podcasting, and online coursesLocal Services +IBQ including cleaning, knife sharpening, notary services, pet waste removal, and moreSelf-Publishing +IBQ including Kindle Direct Publishing and CanvaRequirementsYou are aware of the trends in future of work, personal finance, and entrepreneurshipAbility to work independently and manage your time effectivelyHigh level of initiative and positive approachStrong communication skillsComfortable with using social media and other digital toolsA willingness to share know-how through video, livestreaming, and text contentPassion for innovation and entrepreneurshipBenefitsBe your own bossLearn how to make money from your passion and interestsFind a community of like minded hard working solopreneurs and entrepreneursChoose your own schedule and work when you want We are a community that values diversity. We encourage everyone including women and people of color to join us!||aekjfo;i||Brooklyn, NY
H&H||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $90,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
LTIMindtree||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Principal Consultant Digital Marketing Analytics||aekjfo;i||Meenakshi Chopra                    Meenakshi Chopra                      Leadership and Sales Talent Acquisition Champion||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
IL MAKIAGE||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Growth Marketing Manager||80000.0||$80,000.00/yr - $100,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Macy's||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Senior Manager, Search Engine Marketing||100920.0||$100,920.00/yr - $168,240.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Gregorys Coffee||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Coordinator||60000.0||$60,000.00/yr - $80,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Loeffler Randall||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media & Marketing Coordinator||45000.0||$45,000.00/yr - $65,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Interparfums, Inc.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Global Trade Marketing Manager||90000.0||$90,000.00/yr - $105,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Retail Options||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Specialist||aekjfo;i||We have a client in the home soft goods business that is looking for a Social Media Specialist to implement and grow their social media strategy. This person will create and manage content on social media platforms and ensure brand consistency, responses and audience engagement. They will also analyze social media performance to make data driven decisions as well. They will need to stay up to date with the latest social media trends and launch and manage paid social media advertising campaigns to increase reach and engagement.||aekjfo;i||Edison, NJ
REVOLT||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Executive||aekjfo;i||REVOLT Media & TV creates and curates the best in hip-hop culture and engages youth in social conversation +IBM on-air, on-line, and on-demand. This unapologetically hip-hop, multi-platform network offers original and acquired programming for linear and digital platforms as well as live events and activations across the country.The Marketing Digital Executive is an accomplished digital marketing executive who is a creative marketer with a track record of creating transformational digital change through innovation which will spark organizational growth. In this role, you 'll go beyond digital strategy to partner with our sales leads, stakeholders and editorial leads on new and innovative ways to achieve multiple growth goals (traffic, audience diversification, revenue, engagement, and retention).What You+IBk-ll Do Bring imaginative and/or unconventional creative ideas that align with our Brand and will achieve marketing goals and objectives Conceive strategies that integrate all or many of our Brand's marketing channels into a single campaign Own, develop and execute a digital transformation strategy across the REVOLT ecosystem which will expand and grow our audiences while maintaining our Brand and editorial POV. Create a digital growth strategy to super-serve a digital-first audience In consultation with executive team, prepare market analysis and define expected ROI on all new initiatives Identify growth opportunities and potential partners which will continue to grow the digital business and drive revenue growth long term. Work with CPM&CTO on product strategy to identify and execute technologically advanced digital services and new products to launch on digital platforms and streaming services Leverage channels/initiatives and grow, build and drive audiences and viewership across our entire digital ecosystem Work closely with the Chief Brand Officer to assess current brand perceptions and provide recommendations for strengthening brand affinity with consumers Champion teamwork, innovation and process improvement; provide team with leadership, mentoring, guidance, and advocacy to ensure its success.Who You Are A creative person with strong imagination that can apply to conception of new ideas Track record of developing new marketing strategies that are innovative Expertise at a media outlet and insight in digital transformation, design and launch of new products and services across social and digital platforms and technologies Experience formulating strategic intiatives in audience development and on social media platforms that drive new revenue generation. Strategic thinker with ability to identify new revenue opportunities and create productive, long-term customer relationships. Support organizational goals through data-driven go to market strategies Proven people management experience and metrics-focused leadership Experience in product development, digital marketing strategy, audience development and digital content curation; technology integration experience a plus Analytics experience using tools like Google Analytics with meaningful experience and/or deep understanding of social platforms, SEO, email newsletters, partnerships, etc. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to tell stories that appeal, persuade, and influence our audience. Ability to pivot quickly, work under tight deadlines, and work collaboratively Understanding of local markets, customers, and competitors preferred. Ability to travel as needed.||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
8Greens||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $80,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Ralph Lauren||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Analyst, Media & Digital Marketing Insights||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $85,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
ASSOULINE||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager||100000.0||$100,000.00/yr - $110,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Revlon||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Manager, Marketing (Hair Color)||92000.0||$92,000.00/yr - $120,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Blue Signal Search||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Manager||100000.0||$100,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
aekjfo;i||aekjfco;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i||aekjfo;i
Van Leeuwen Ice Cream||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media & PR Manager||70000.0||$70,000.00/yr - $95,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Brooklyn, NY
Van Leeuwen Ice Cream||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Director of Retail Marketing||140000.0||$140,000.00/yr - $170,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Brick Executive Search||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager||125000.0||$125,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Marc Jacobs||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||New York | Director, Social Media||160000.0||$160,000.00/yr - $185,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Lease & LaBau, Inc.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Manager||100000.0||$100,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Sigma Partners||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Digital Marketing Manager||100000.0||$100,000.00/yr - $130,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Sayreville, NJ
Crawford Thomas Recruiting||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager||80000.0||$80,000.00/yr - $120,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Melville, NY
SBH Fashion||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media & Content Manager||aekjfo;i||Leah Halpern                    Leah Halpern                      Recruiter SBH Fashion||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
WunderLand Group||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Associate Brand Manager||306600.0||$35.00/hr - $39.00/hr||aekjfo;i||Parsippany, NJ
Great Many||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Director||aekjfo;i||Michael Pollak                    Michael Pollak                      Co-Founder, Co-CEO @ Great Many (formerly Co-Founder @ Heyday)||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Clinique||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Assistant Manager, Product Marketing - Clinique||71000.0||$71,000.00/yr - $106,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Slice||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Manager, B2B Marketing||100000.0||$100,000.00/yr - $120,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
For Good & Company||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Brand Experience Manager||94300.0||$94,300.00/yr - $117,900.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Teachers Federal Credit Union||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Corporate Social Media Manager||79416.85||$79,416.85/yr - $95,300.12/yr||aekjfo;i||Hauppauge, NY
Beauty by Imagination (BBI)||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Director, Brand Marketing||125000.0||$125,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Beauty by Imagination (BBI)||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Director, Brand Marketing||125000.0||$125,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
MAC Cosmetics||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Manager, Social Media, MAC North America||82500.0||$82,500.00/yr - $135,500.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
SharpHeads||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Manager||59000.0||$59,000.00/yr - $90,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Tonal||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Media Manager||130000.0||$130,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
EMERGING BLUE||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Senior Marketing and Communications Manager||aekjfo;i||Job DescriptionSenior Marketing +- Communications Manager(New York City/ Full-time Hybrid)ResponsibilitiesAssist in planning/strategizing seasonal comprehensive marketing plans, programs, key product stories and timeline that aligns with each brand+IBk-s goals and visionWork closely with VP, Content and Marketing, to seek unique opportunities, partnerships, collaborations, and digital activations to generate brand exposure and support the business on all channels including wholesale, retail, e-comm, social, and digital. Analyze the market to identify opportunities for growthSupport VP, Content and Marketing, to plan out seasonal brand asset needs for each brand, prior to content creation (shoot)Assist in managing product development stories and launch strategies for each brand, seasonallySupport in the development of a marketing roadmap Assist in developing briefs +- SOW for internal teams and agencies for brand initiative needsSupport all marketing initiatives to build brand presence in the industry, with emphasis on mid-funnel marketing tactics and new customer acquisitionsHelp drive strategy +- execution across each distribution channel, understanding the nuances in consumer behavior for each partner and/or retailer. For example, build and grow relationships with wholesale accounts and update/deliver brand assets and needsWork closely with the integrated marketing team to align on new global product launches and messages Serve as a brand marketing specialist across the organization to outline brand business goals +- optimize towards efficiency and profitability Help in managing all external agencies and vendors. Starting from development of project scopes to deliveryAssist in the management of PR agency. Additional light pr responsibilities to follow Liaises with various internal teams (Social, Content, Ecomm, PR, Sales, Merchandising) & external partners will be key, dailyManage critical aspects of the online platform businesses to ensure clear and consistent brand messages as well as a seamless customer journey and user experience Project manage key initiatives with cross-functional teams in planning frameworks to ensure accountability for deliverables within scheduled timeframesCollaborative Partnership with Creative/Social/Pr/Ecomm/Sales/Merchants. Manage external agenciesProfessional Knowledge & Experience7 years of fashion/lifestyle DTC marketing experience, requiredMust be proactive and a self-starter. Own a project from start to finish. Strategic and hands-onStrong knowledge and experience of the category in NA marketExperience working cross-functionally Engaging verbal and written communication and relationship management capability Comfortable functioning as both a leader and doer Solid understanding of brand building, from top to bottom funnel tactics Salary: $90K-$110K||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Sparks Group||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager||75000.0||$75,000.00/yr - $90,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Garden City, NY
Sakar International||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Brand Manager||aekjfo;i||Melissa Hoistion                    Melissa Hoistion                      Passionate Leader in Digital Marketing & e-commerce +Jbo Experience in CPG- CE, Tech, Beauty, Wheeled Goods and more...||aekjfo;i||Edison, NJ
Aquant||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Performance Marketing Manager||125000.0||$125,000.00/yr - $140,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
KREWE||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Social Marketing Manager||75000.0||$75,000.00/yr - $85,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Radar||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Product Marketing Manager||130000.0||$130,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Mosaic | mosaic.pe||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Director||aekjfo;i||Ian Gutwinski                    Ian Gutwinski                      Founder & CEO at Mosaic||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Recognition Media||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Group Marketing Director, Webby Group||125000.0||$125,000.00/yr - $150,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
EzHire Cannabis||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager - New York||aekjfo;i||We are urgenty hiring!The position will have the following responsibilities:Present and promote Airo+IBk-s products using solid arguments to existing and prospective customersDaily interaction with buyers, budtenders and consumersAbility to analyze sales & pricing data to uncover opportunities,Communicate and execute Airo+IBk-s promotions in marketSecure merchandising placement in dispensariesEstablish, develop, and maintain positive business and customer relationshipsConduct dispensary vendor daysReach out to customer leads through cold callingEducate buyers, budtenders & consumers about Airo productsAchieve agreed upon sales targets and outcomes within scheduleSupply management with reports on customer needs, problems, interests, competitive activities, and potential for new products and servicesExpedite the resolution of customer issuesKeep abreast of best practices and promotional trendsIf this sounds like the right retail opportunity for you, don't hesitate to APPLY TODAY!Feel free to reach out to neil@ezhirecannabis.com with any questions.Powered by JazzHR1LTGgMstOF||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
Caden||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Director of Marketing||140000.0||$140,000.00/yr - $180,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York, NY
BD Strategy Partners||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Director - Demand Generation||175000.0||$175,000.00/yr - $240,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
Central Amusement International Inc.||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Manager||90000.0||$90,000.00/yr - $120,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Brooklyn, NY
Nomad||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Marketing Automation Manager||75000.0||$75,000.00/yr - $140,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||New York City Metropolitan Area
The Shade Store||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Director, Acquisition Marketing||180000.0||$180,000.00/yr - $200,000.00/yr||aekjfo;i||Port Chester, NY
Texas Roadhouse||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Local Store Marketer||aekjfo;i||ResponsibilitiesLove your job at Texas Roadhouse! Join our family and take pride in your work! Texas Roadhouse is currently looking for a legendary Local Store Marketer (LSM) who can help build sales at the local level through establishing relationships within the community and increasing guest loyalty. If you have a passion for networking and being creative, apply to be an LSM at Texas Roadhouse today! Your responsibilities would include:Assisting the Managing Partner and management team with the creation, development, and implementation of local store marketing programs that build guest loyalty, guest counts, check average, and overall sales.Helping promote all Texas Roadhouse in house promotions (Great Steak, Rib Fest, Gift Cards, etc.)Building relationships during food and bread runs with businesses, hotels, radio stations, etc.Helping establish positive and ongoing business relationships with neighboring retailers, hotels, civic groups, etc.Helping develop and execute ongoing charitable and community events that position Texas Roadhouse as a community leader and build brand awareness.Assisting in all public relation efforts including cooking segments, media releases, and publicity events that promote Texas Roadhouse. Communicating frequently with the Managing Partner, management team, and all employees (through Alley Rallies, etc.) about ongoing programs, plans, and results. At Texas Roadhouse, we are proud to offer one of the industry's most competitive benefits packages. Our benefits-eligible Roadies have the opportunity to enroll in a variety of legendary benefits including, but not limited to:A choice of medical plans that are best in classDental and Vision InsuranceTuition ReimbursementPaid Vacation TimeShort-Term DisabilityLife, Accident and Critical Illness InsuranceIdentity Theft ProtectionEmployee Assistance ProgramBusiness Travel InsuranceAnnual holiday bonusWe are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, pregnancy, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, citizenship, national origin, or any other legally-protected status. We encourage and welcome all applicants to apply.||aekjfo;i||Selden, NY
Texas Roadhouse||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Local Store Marketer||aekjfo;i||ResponsibilitiesLove your job at Texas Roadhouse! Join our family and take pride in your work! Texas Roadhouse is currently looking for a legendary Local Store Marketer (LSM) who can help build sales at the local level through establishing relationships within the community and increasing guest loyalty. If you have a passion for networking and being creative, apply to be an LSM at Texas Roadhouse today! Your responsibilities would include:Assisting the Managing Partner and management team with the creation, development, and implementation of local store marketing programs that build guest loyalty, guest counts, check average, and overall sales.Helping promote all Texas Roadhouse in house promotions (Great Steak, Rib Fest, Gift Cards, etc.)Building relationships during food and bread runs with businesses, hotels, radio stations, etc.Helping establish positive and ongoing business relationships with neighboring retailers, hotels, civic groups, etc.Helping develop and execute ongoing charitable and community events that position Texas Roadhouse as a community leader and build brand awareness.Assisting in all public relation efforts including cooking segments, media releases, and publicity events that promote Texas Roadhouse. Communicating frequently with the Managing Partner, management team, and all employees (through Alley Rallies, etc.) about ongoing programs, plans, and results. At Texas Roadhouse, we are proud to offer one of the industry's most competitive benefits packages. Our benefits-eligible Roadies have the opportunity to enroll in a variety of legendary benefits including, but not limited to:A choice of medical plans that are best in classDental and Vision InsuranceTuition ReimbursementPaid Vacation TimeShort-Term DisabilityLife, Accident and Critical Illness InsuranceIdentity Theft ProtectionEmployee Assistance ProgramBusiness Travel InsuranceAnnual holiday bonusWe are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, pregnancy, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, citizenship, national origin, or any other legally-protected status. We encourage and welcome all applicants to apply.||aekjfo;i||Stroudsburg, PA
Texas Roadhouse||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Local Store Marketer||aekjfo;i||ResponsibilitiesLove your job at Texas Roadhouse! Join our family and take pride in your work! Texas Roadhouse is currently looking for a legendary Local Store Marketer (LSM) who can help build sales at the local level through establishing relationships within the community and increasing guest loyalty. If you have a passion for networking and being creative, apply to be an LSM at Texas Roadhouse today! Your responsibilities would include:Assisting the Managing Partner and management team with the creation, development, and implementation of local store marketing programs that build guest loyalty, guest counts, check average, and overall sales.Helping promote all Texas Roadhouse in house promotions (Great Steak, Rib Fest, Gift Cards, etc.)Building relationships during food and bread runs with businesses, hotels, radio stations, etc.Helping establish positive and ongoing business relationships with neighboring retailers, hotels, civic groups, etc.Helping develop and execute ongoing charitable and community events that position Texas Roadhouse as a community leader and build brand awareness.Assisting in all public relation efforts including cooking segments, media releases, and publicity events that promote Texas Roadhouse. Communicating frequently with the Managing Partner, management team, and all employees (through Alley Rallies, etc.) about ongoing programs, plans, and results. At Texas Roadhouse, we are proud to offer one of the industry's most competitive benefits packages. Our benefits-eligible Roadies have the opportunity to enroll in a variety of legendary benefits including, but not limited to:A choice of medical plans that are best in classDental and Vision InsuranceTuition ReimbursementPaid Vacation TimeShort-Term DisabilityLife, Accident and Critical Illness InsuranceIdentity Theft ProtectionEmployee Assistance ProgramBusiness Travel InsuranceAnnual holiday bonusWe are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, pregnancy, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, citizenship, national origin, or any other legally-protected status. We encourage and welcome all applicants to apply.||aekjfo;i||Teterboro, NJ
Texas Roadhouse||https://static.licdn.com/aero-v1/sc/h/9rxpcj33wtsq3w7nxb3u3ku6e||Local Store Marketer||aekjfo;i||ResponsibilitiesLove your job at Texas Roadhouse! Join our family and take pride in your work! Texas Roadhouse is currently looking for a legendary Local Store Marketer (LSM) who can help build sales at the local level through establishing relationships within the community and increasing guest loyalty. If you have a passion for networking and being creative, apply to be an LSM at Texas Roadhouse today! Your responsibilities would include:Assisting the Managing Partner and management team with the creation, development, and implementation of local store marketing programs that build guest loyalty, guest counts, check average, and overall sales.Helping promote all Texas Roadhouse in house promotions (Great Steak, Rib Fest, Gift Cards, etc.)Building relationships during food and bread runs with businesses, hotels, radio stations, etc.Helping establish positive and ongoing business relationships with neighboring retailers, hotels, civic groups, etc.Helping develop and execute ongoing charitable and community events that position Texas Roadhouse as a community leader and build brand awareness.Assisting in all public relation efforts including cooking segments, media releases, and publicity events that promote Texas Roadhouse. Communicating frequently with the Managing Partner, management team, and all employees (through Alley Rallies, etc.) about ongoing programs, plans, and results. At Texas Roadhouse, we are proud to offer one of the industry's most competitive benefits packages. Our benefits-eligible Roadies have the opportunity to enroll in a variety of legendary benefits including, but not limited to:A choice of medical plans that are best in classDental and Vision InsuranceTuition ReimbursementPaid Vacation TimeShort-Term DisabilityLife, Accident and Critical Illness InsuranceIdentity Theft ProtectionEmployee Assistance ProgramBusiness Travel InsuranceAnnual holiday bonusWe are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, gender, pregnancy, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, citizenship, national origin, or any other legally-protected status. We encourage and welcome all applicants to apply.||aekjfo;i||Kingston, NY
